{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection if present. Their information is paramount.",
    "If no Seer, protect players demonstrating consistent, logical reasoning and adaptability. Avoid immediate defensiveness.",
    "If a protected player is targeted, strongly suspect the Guard. Document their subsequent protection choices.",
    "Since Hoang used Save and has no potions left, prioritize protecting players who demonstrate strong logical reasoning and adaptability.",
    "Consecutive protection of the same player raises suspicion. Re-evaluate targets and carefully observe the Guard's behavior."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Begin with open-ended questions to gauge reactions and identify inconsistencies. Avoid premature accusations.",
    "IF a player aggressively defends themselves or others, probe for logical fallacies and challenge premises directly. Look for circular reasoning.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, discredit the most aggressive claimant. Analyze their reasoning for certainty and blame-shifting.",
    "IF a player consistently deflects blame or uses circular arguments, prioritize investigating their claims and documenting their behavior.",
    "Subtly question the Guard’s protection choices if illogical, framing it as an inquiry into potential wolf advantages. Look for patterns.",
    "Avoid mirroring accusations. Focus on observable behavior and logical reasoning. Document inconsistencies.",
    "Be wary of players who jump to conclusions without sufficient evidence or employ broad generalizations.",
    "IF a player uses identical phrasing or arguments as another, especially when defending themselves, consider them highly suspect of coordination.",
    "After Nam's and Cong's eliminations, prioritize identifying players exhibiting inconsistencies in their reasoning, especially regarding the events surrounding those eliminations."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "IF the Seer identifies a wolf, vote for that wolf immediately and decisively.",
    "IF no Seer information, vote based on patterns of behavior and accusations supported by evidence. Prioritize eliminating players demonstrating deception or deflection.",
    "Avoid voting out protected players unless there is overwhelming, irrefutable evidence.",
    "IF multiple players accuse the same individual, especially citing deflection or circular reasoning, vote for that individual.",
    "IF uncertain, vote for the player most aggressively defending others or shifting blame, particularly those exhibiting inconsistent behavior.",
    "Tie-breaking: Prioritize eliminating the player suspected by multiple players, exhibiting deflection, or employing circular arguments.",
    "IF a player consistently changes their vote based on the prevailing opinion, suspect wolf affiliation.",
    "Given the previous round's outcome, be extremely cautious about voting based solely on accusations of deflection; analyze supporting evidence carefully."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain neutrality initially to gather information and observe player dynamics.",
    "Adapt strategy based on role reveals and evolving circumstances. Be flexible and responsive.",
    "Be wary of players claiming perfect information or making sweeping generalizations. Challenge these claims with logical questions.",
    "Recognize and counter common wolf tactics: deflection, false accusations, claiming powerful roles, circular reasoning.",
    "Always provide a clear, logical reason for every action and vote. Document reasoning.",
    "After using Save, prioritize identifying players exhibiting logical reasoning and adaptability.",
    "If the Guard is suspected, focus on discrediting their choices and highlighting inconsistencies. Examine their protection patterns closely.",
    "Document suspicions and reasoning to identify patterns and potential wolf coordination.",
    "Given the swift elimination of Nam and Cong, prioritize rapid assessment of player behavior and avoid prolonged debate without concrete evidence."
  ]
}