{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize Seer protection above all else. Information is paramount.', 'SAVE Availability: If SAVE is available, and Wolves target a confirmed Villager (from Seer), SAVE. If Wolves target a suspected Wolf, do nothing. If Wolves target an unknown, POISON the most manipulative player identified during Day Discussion; prioritize those who deflect suspicion.', 'If SAVE is unavailable, do not act unless a clear Villager is targeted. Avoid wasting a potentially crucial night.', 'Investigate: If possible, investigate players exhibiting rapid, aggressive defenses without logical justification or those who consistently accuse others without providing supporting evidence. Prioritize those creating the most discord.', 'Target Selection (Poison): If Wolves target an unknown and no clear manipulator is evident, hold. Premature poisoning can reveal the Witch role.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Observe initial accusations and defensiveness. Note patterns of coordinated defense.', 'Analyze the *logic* of defensiveness. Look for fallacies (ad hominem, straw man), circular reasoning, and deflection.', 'IF multiple people claim Seer, rigorously question their claims. Demand verifiable information and scrutinize for contradictions. Assume at least one is a hoax.', 'Identify emerging alliances and shifting allegiances. Wolves often form tight bonds.', 'Avoid mirroring dominant narratives unless supported by strong evidence. Offer alternative perspectives subtly.', "IF targeted, remain calm and logical. Provide clear explanations and redirect focus to others' inconsistent behavior. Highlight logical fallacies in accusers' arguments.", 'Early game: Remain largely silent, observing and gathering information. Avoid drawing unnecessary attention.'], 'Voting Phase': ["Initial Round: Align with the majority to gather information. Don't lead unless a clear threat emerges.", 'Subsequent Rounds: Vote based on manipulative behavior, narrative control, or suspicious alliances. Prioritize players steering votes or consistently deflecting suspicion.', 'Avoid Ties: Vote for the greatest perceived threat if a tie is likely. A tie benefits the Werewolves.', 'Hoax Seer: Vote against anyone claiming Seer with dubious claims or inconsistent information. Expose them swiftly.', 'Misdirected Majority: Vote against flawed reasoning *only* if a clear wolf is present. Be prepared to be isolated if the majority is being manipulated.'], 'General Strategy': ['Information Release: Delay revealing role unless it demonstrably benefits the village (e.g., a guaranteed wolf elimination).  Indirect influence is preferable to direct declaration.', 'Pattern Recognition: Focus on identifying patterns of deception and coordinated behavior, not just individual accusations.', 'Contextual Analysis: Consider the context of accusations; wolves often try to frame innocent players. Analyze the accuser’s motivations and biases.', 'Adaptability: Re-evaluate assumptions frequently based on new information. Be wary of patterns, not individual actions alone.', 'Maintain a neutral demeanor until sufficient information is gathered.']}