{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize protecting players demonstrating strong logical reasoning and actively challenging assumptions. Early game protection is vital.', 'If targeted, accept protection and immediately assess the protector’s justification. Vague or self-serving reasons raise suspicion.', 'Conserve the Save potion. Use it only if a demonstrably strong villager is targeted and no other options exist. Early use is a last resort.', "Observe the Guard's protection choices. Document inconsistent protection; it suggests a pattern or potential wolf influence.", 'If the Seer is confirmed, prioritize protecting them unless a more critical villager is demonstrably at risk.', 'If Wolves target a player and I retain my Save potion, I will save them *only* if their logical reasoning is exceptionally strong and their contribution to village discourse is vital. Otherwise, let the Wolves eliminate them to gather information.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Relentlessly identify and expose deflection. This remains the primary indicator of wolf presence.', 'IF accused: Frame the accusation as deflection, citing specific inconsistencies. Provide concise, logical counter-arguments.', 'IF observing deflection: Articulate *how* it undermines the discussion, highlighting redirection and avoidance. Focus on the *method* of deflection, not just the claim.', 'IF multiple players claim Seer: Demand verifiable methods. Aggressively question claims and probe for inconsistencies. Prioritize questioning methods, not results. Demand a method to verify claims before accepting them.', 'After an exile: Scrutinize immediate reactions (shifting blame, silence). Probe reasons with logic-based questions. Silence is a tactic; challenge it directly.', 'Analyze voting patterns for coordinated support. Wolves often protect each other. Look for patterns of consistent voting.', 'Challenge unsubstantiated claims directly. Prevent unfounded accusations. Do not let emotional arguments sway the discussion.', 'Pay close attention to unusually quiet players after accusations; probe their silence with targeted, logic-based questions. Silence suggests complicity or fear.', 'If a player consistently defends others without logical justification, suspect them. Question their reasoning and motivations.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Vote based on the strongest logical evidence, prioritizing demonstrable inconsistencies and deflection.', 'Strong suspect: Vote decisively. If uncertain, prioritize exhibiting deflection.', 'No clear suspect: Vote for the most suspicious behavior. Err on caution.', 'IF accused of being a wolf: Highlight accuser inconsistencies, frame the accusation as deflection, and emphasize logical reasoning.', 'Analyze who benefits from exile. Wolves often protect each other. Consider potential alliances.', 'If a vote is tied and nearing the threshold, consider abstaining to avoid empowering a wolf.', 'If a player consistently defends others without logical justifications, consider them a suspect.', 'If a player consistently avoids making accusations, suspect them. Investigate their motivations.'], 'Post-Exile Analysis': ['Assess the exile’s impact. Did it weaken a wolf group or protect one?', 'Re-evaluate suspicions based on new information. Adjust player assessments.', 'Pay close attention to silent or avoiding accusations after exile - potential complicity. Probe their reasoning.', 'Analyze the voting patterns of the eliminated player; identify potential wolf alliances.', 'Assess if deflection tactics persist; adapt questioning strategies accordingly.', 'Immediately after an exile, observe the reactions of all remaining players. Wolves will likely attempt to quickly shift blame or redirect attention. Look for rapid changes in narrative or accusations.']}