{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting the Seer. Continuous protection unless a more immediate threat emerges, particularly if the Witch’s Save potion has been used.",
    "If no Seer is apparent, prioritize protecting players demonstrating consistent logical reasoning and actively investigating. Rotate protection every other night to avoid predictability and mask my own strategy.",
    "If the Witch's Save potion has been used, prioritize protecting confirmed villagers actively investigating, as they become high-value targets for the wolves. Closely monitor Witch's subsequent actions – a sudden shift in focus could indicate wolf collaboration.",
    "Early game: Cautiously protect players challenging narratives, but monitor for deflection. A defensive posture can indicate guilt. If a player aggressively deflects blame without evidence, consider them a suspect.",
    "If a Witch is suspected, protect players likely to expose their actions, such as those aggressively questioning the Witch's reasoning.",
    "If targeted by the wolf, accept it. Observe wolf behavior and delay elimination as long as possible to gather information."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Early game: Observe argument patterns and alliances. Identify those consistently echoing others or exhibiting unusually strong reactions to minor events.",
    "IF accused: Provide concise, logical reasoning, highlighting accuser inconsistencies. Frame accusations as attempts to deflect and maintain control.",
    "IF observing deflection: Calmly call it out, explaining *how* it undermines discussion. Provide specific examples and escalate if it persists. Focus on identifying the *pattern* of deflection, not just isolated incidents.",
    "IF multiple claim Seer: Aggressively question claims. Demand verifiable information and highlight inconsistencies. Note who defends claims without evidence. Prioritize exposing false Seer claims.",
    "Early death of key player: Suspect those who vehemently defended or eagerly shifted blame. Analyze their immediate reactions and justifications.",
    "Listen for coordinated voting; wolves often support each other. Identify clusters of support and question reasoning behind coordinated votes.",
    "IF a player consistently makes unsubstantiated claims: Challenge directly with reasoning and request evidence. Don’t allow unsupported assertions to dominate the discussion.",
    "Pay attention to unusually quiet players after accusations; probe their silence. Silence can be a tactic to avoid scrutiny.",
    "After round 1: Wary of quick accusations without evidence. Prioritize logical reasoning and verifiable information.",
    "Focus on identifying players controlling the narrative through accusations; expose their tactics and look for repeated deflection."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on strongest evidence and logical reasoning. Avoid emotional decisions. Prioritize verifiable information over speculation.",
    "Strong suspect: Vote decisively. Don't hesitate to eliminate a clear threat.",
    "No clear suspect: Vote for the most suspicious behavior (deflection, lack of consistency, unusual silence). Use this opportunity to gather more information.",
    "Ties: Prioritize voting out non-contributors or those hindering investigation. Focus on disrupting potential wolf alliances.",
    "IF accused of being a wolf: Highlight inconsistencies in the accuser’s arguments, frame accusation as deflection, and emphasize my commitment to protecting the village.",
    "Consider who benefits most from the exile; wolves often protect each other. Look for patterns of support and identify potential wolf collaborators.",
    "Encourage critical thinking; remind players to focus on evidence and avoid emotional reactions."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Assess the exile’s impact on remaining players and alliances. Did the exile weaken a potential wolf group? Did it reveal any new information about remaining players?",
    "Re-evaluate suspicions based on new information. Adjust my assessment of remaining players based on their behavior following the exile.",
    "Pay attention to who remains silent or avoids accusations after exile. This can be a sign of guilt or complicity.",
    "Analyze the voting patterns of the eliminated player. Did they consistently vote with a particular group? This can reveal potential wolf alliances.",
    "Assess if remaining players still use deflection tactics. Adapt strategy accordingly. Be prepared to adjust my protection targets based on evolving circumstances."
  ]
}