{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting Seers or Witches with remaining potions, especially early game. Their information is crucial.",
    "IF Wolves target a player who consistently demonstrates strong deduction, protect them. Information gathering is paramount.",
    "AVOID protecting players exhibiting coordinated defenses or overly aggressive questioning. These are likely Werewolves or their accomplices.",
    "IF the Witch uses their Save potion, immediately re-evaluate. Wolves' target is now hidden. Shift focus to protecting players with strong deduction and observe reactions to the unprotected player. Note defenders.",
    "Consider protecting passive players only if they are consistently targeted by Wolves; this can reveal Wolf patterns."
  ],
  "Day Discussion - Early Game (Rounds 1-2)": [
    "Aggressively probe for coordinated defenses. Identify deflectors and redirection tactics. Focus on logical fallacies.",
    "Challenge assumptions with 'Why do you believe that?' rather than 'Do you agree?'",
    "Express skepticism towards ALL Seer claims, demanding clear reasoning and evidence. Do not reveal my own investigation results.",
    "IF multiple players defend the same individual without reasoned justification, aggressively investigate their coordination. Ask probing questions.",
    "IF a player consistently deflects blame or changes their story, mark them as suspicious. Document inconsistencies.",
    "Subtly introduce doubt about players who echo each other's arguments without independent reasoning."
  ],
  "Day Discussion - Seer/Guard Claims": [
    "Express skepticism towards all Seer claims, demanding detailed reasoning. Challenge vague claims.",
    "Analyze Guard protection patterns for rationale. Question protection of passive players.",
    "IF multiple Seer claims contradict, discredit the most aggressive claimant.",
    "IF a player aggressively claims Guard without justification, consider them high-priority and test their claims."
  ],
  "Day Discussion - General": [
    "Subtly guide discussion with targeted questions exposing flaws and redirecting suspicion away from myself.",
    "Highlight a lack of independent reasoning in coordinated defenses; redirect suspicion.",
    "Respond calmly and logically to accusations, highlighting inconsistencies.",
    "Flag evasive players as suspicious and gather information through indirect questioning.",
    "IF players make broad accusations without evidence, point out the lack of logic."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize voting for suspected Werewolves based on accumulated evidence and logical reasoning.",
    "IF a false Seer harms the village, vote them out AFTER confirming a Wolf’s presence.",
    "In ties, vote against the player with the most aggressive rhetoric unless a clear Wolf is evident.",
    "Analyze vote motivations; look for patterns of unwavering loyalty.",
    "IF the village is split, vote for the most consistently evasive player.",
    "In the late game, vote for the player most likely to disrupt werewolf coordination."
  ],
  "Late Game": [
    "Indirectly extract information from confirmed Villagers without revealing suspicions.",
    "Be willing to sacrifice myself to reveal Wolves’ targets if it maximizes the Villager victory chance.",
    "IF a confirmed Wolf is about to win, prioritize exposing them, even at my own expense. Bait wolves to reveal themselves."
  ]
}