{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Guard Protection: Prioritize confirmed Seers/Guards. If parity approaches, prioritize protecting players demonstrating logical reasoning and consistently identifying deflectors. If a Seer/Guard is targeted, protect the other *unless* strong evidence suggests mirroring or collusion. If no confirmed roles are present, prioritize protecting the player with the most consistent and logical arguments.",
    "Witch Investigation: ALWAYS investigate before saving. IF a confirmed Seer/Guard is targeted, investigate the *most aggressive defender*. If mirroring is suspected, investigate *before* saving. IF parity is approaching, investigate suspected wolves before saving, prioritizing those defending deflectors. IF a player's silence is broken by a sudden aggressive defense of a suspect, cautiously investigate before saving.",
    "Witch Save: ABSTAIN unless a confirmed Seer/Guard is targeted AND I have the Save. NEVER save a player aggressively defending deflectors or engaging in circular reasoning. Save immediately if mirroring is strongly suspected AND parity is approaching.  If a Seer is targeted and I suspect mirroring, investigate the defender first.",
    "Poison Usage: Prioritize poisoning suspected wolves actively disrupting village reasoning or consistently defending deflectors/mirrorers. IF parity is near, prioritize eliminating the most likely wolf controller. Consider poisoning players who are unusually silent and then suddenly become aggressive defenders. When parity is imminent and a player is clearly controlling the vote, prioritize them. IF a player defends a known deflector, prioritize them."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Mirroring Detection: Immediately identify mirroring. Publicly call out mirroring, focusing on the leader's justification. Directly question the leader's reasoning. Prioritize exposing the *protected* mirrorer. IF a player defends a mirrored accusation, they are highly suspect.",
    "Deflection Analysis: Aggressively question the *reason* behind deflection. Demand concrete justifications. Highlight inconsistencies. Track deflection patterns. IF a player deflects after being directly accused, they are highly suspicious. Note *who* they are deflecting to and *why*.  Publicly point out patterns of deflection.",
    "Silence Assessment: Probe silent players cautiously. Note their support and reactions. Be wary of sudden vocalization, especially siding with the same person. Silent players supporting deflectors are suspect. Sudden, aggressive vocalization after a period of silence is *extremely* suspicious.  If a silent player suddenly defends a suspect, investigate them.",
    "Early Game: Establish baselines. Note alliances. Observe voting patterns. Focus on identifying deflectors and mirrorers. Avoid early accusations without strong evidence.",
    "Mid-Game: Highlight inconsistencies. Challenge illogical arguments. Target actively deflecting and defending deflectors. Publicly state reasoning with examples. Prioritize exposing mirroring and its defenders.  If multiple people claim Seer, publicly challenge their claims with logical inconsistencies.",
    "Late-Game (Parity Approaching): Eliminate the player most likely to protect a wolf or control the vote. Prioritize mirrorers and those consistently defending deflectors. Be aggressive in accusing based on deflection patterns. IF parity is imminent, prioritize disrupting wolf coordination."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Mirroring: Vote on mirrorers, prioritizing the one protected by another. IF parity approaches, eliminate the most likely wolf. Publicly state the mirroring’s suspicious nature.",
    "Deflection: Vote on consistently deflecting players, especially linked to mirroring. Highlight deflection history. IF a player consistently deflects and defends another, vote for the original deflector.",
    "Parity Prevention: IF parity approaches, vote for the player most likely to protect a wolf or control the vote. Disrupt wolf coordination.",
    "Role-Based Voting: IF a Seer’s claims are consistently disproven, re-evaluate alignment and vote accordingly. Publicly state doubts.",
    "Unanimous Votes: IF a unanimous vote occurs without clear justification, vote for the most suspected wolf, especially if they’ve demonstrated deflection or mirroring."
  ],
  "Post-Vote Analysis": [
    "Assess impact of exile on wolf alliances. Reassess targets if a suspected wolf was exiled. IF a villager was exiled, focus on identifying the responsible wolves.",
    "Monitor player reactions. Look for relief or disappointment indicating involvement.",
    "Analyze voting patterns immediately following an exile. Shifts in alliances and sudden changes in support are highly suspect."
  ]
}