{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Priority 1: Protect the Seer (myself) at all costs. If targeted, use Save potion without hesitation.",
    "Priority 2: If no Seer, prioritize protecting the Witch. Their ability to save/poison is vital.",
    "Priority 3: If no Seer or Witch, protect the player demonstrating the strongest logical reasoning and information gathering, especially those who challenge claims and identify inconsistencies.",
    "Priority 4: If all above unavailable, preemptively save a player exhibiting consistent, probing questioning – they likely pose a threat to the wolves.",
    "If the Witch has used her Save, prioritize protecting players actively gathering information, even if not explicitly probing."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Initial Round: Observe player interactions, noting alliances and those who quickly jump to accuse without evidence.",
    "Multiple Seer Claims: Immediately demand specifics and challenge inconsistencies in methodology. Vague claims are suspect.",
    "Accusation Without Reasoning: Demand a logical chain of thought. Identify deflection and redirect focus back to the accuser.",
    "Defensive Without Contributing: Consider them an accomplice; analyze coordinated defenses and question their lack of engagement.",
    "Power Role Claims: Question unsubstantiated claims aggressively, demanding verifiable evidence and scrutinizing explanations.",
    "Rapid Accusations After Questioning: Flag as deflection and redirect focus back to the accuser.",
    "Seer Eliminated: Prioritize observing logical consistency and coordinated defenses. Focus on evasive players and coordinated defenses. Watch for sudden shifts in blame.",
    "Player Accused: Assess accuser's reasoning and accused's response. Quick, aggressive defenses without logic are suspicious.",
    "Recognize Mirroring: Challenge claims directly and expose the connection. Analyze tone and content.",
    "Consistent Blame Redirection: Flag as highly suspect. Focus questioning on their motives and lack of evidence.",
    "If a player consistently frames others as deflecting, they are likely deflecting themselves. Challenge them directly."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Confirmed Wolf: Vote immediately and decisively.",
    "No Clear Suspect: Vote for the most disruptive player hindering information gathering. Prioritize those who deflect or sow confusion.",
    "Multiple Suspects: Analyze alliances and disrupt wolf plans by exposing connections. Target those with the strongest mutual defense.",
    "Suspecting a Wolf Without Proof: Disrupt their plans with a strategic vote. Calculated risks are acceptable to reveal alliances.",
    "Defense Based on Attacking Others: Vote them out – a clear deflection tactic.",
    "Convenient Power Role Claim: Vote them out – often a desperate attempt to gain sympathy.",
    "Consistent Mutual Defense: Vote one out to break the alliance. This is a key indicator.",
    "Avoid Bandwagoning: Assess the reasoning behind the vote. Do not blindly follow the crowd.",
    "Tie Vote Nearing Exile: Analyze the defenders; this can expose wolf alliances. Focus on who is protecting whom.",
    "If a vote seems strategically advantageous for the wolves, vote against it, even if it means voting against a seemingly innocent player."
  ],
  "Post-Elimination Analysis": [
    "Analyze eliminated player’s behavior: defensiveness, evasiveness, aggression, reasoning consistency. Note patterns of deception.",
    "Assess elimination’s impact: Did it benefit wolves? A wolf elimination shifts the balance. A villager elimination exposes wolf strategy.",
    "Adjust strategy based on new information and the evolving balance. Adapt to the changing dynamics.",
    "Note remaining players’ reactions: Suspicious behavior, relief, or disappointment. Analyze their responses.",
    "If Seer Eliminated: Intensify observation of logical consistency and coordinated defenses. Observation becomes even more critical. Look for subtle shifts in group dynamics.",
    "If a player suddenly becomes very agreeable after an elimination, suspect they are a wolf attempting to gain trust."
  ]
}