{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting the Seer. If no Seer, protect the player demonstrating the most logical and consistent reasoning, avoiding rash accusations.",
    "If the protected player is targeted, intensely scrutinize their daytime behavior; they are likely a high-value target for the wolves.",
    "Avoid protecting players immediately following unsubstantiated, aggressive accusations; suspect deflection.",
    "If the Witch uses the Save, meticulously monitor the saved player's daytime behavior and reasoning. Watch for inconsistencies and attempts to manipulate the narrative.",
    "If the Save is used on an aggressive or accusatory player, strongly suspect them of being a wolf attempting deflection.",
    "If the Guard is protecting someone and they are targeted by the wolves, the saved player’s explanation of why they were targeted is critical. Vague or inconsistent explanations are highly suspicious."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately summarize night events, highlighting targets, protection, and potion usage. Note any inconsistencies or unusual patterns.",
    "IF a player claims to be the Seer, demand verifiable results and cross-reference information. Contradictory information is a strong indicator of deception.",
    "IF the Witch uses the Save, demand a detailed and transparent explanation. Scrutinize the saved player’s explanation and daytime behavior. Vague or inconsistent explanations raise suspicion.",
    "Aggressively call out deflection and track who defends whom. Prioritize coordinated defenses, which likely indicate a wolf pack.",
    "IF multiple players align without logical reasoning, suspect a wolf pack. Focus the Seer’s investigation (if available) on these players.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the discussion, suspect a wolf attempting manipulation. Challenge their control and redirect the conversation to objective analysis.",
    "IF a player frames accusations as 'logical' or 'obvious,' highly suspect a manipulative wolf. Probe their reasoning critically.",
    "IF a player redirects blame without providing evidence, suspect deflection and a potential wolf. Highlight the lack of evidence.",
    "IF a player consistently attacks another without reasoning, suspect deflection from themselves.",
    "IF a player avoids answering direct questions, suspect deception. Press them for clarification."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on observed behavior and reasoning, prioritizing verifiable evidence and consistency. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "Support consensus only if the reasoning is sound. Question unsupported consensus.",
    "Prioritize voting out players exhibiting repeated deflection, especially when defended by others.",
    "IF a Save occurred, prioritize voting out the saved player if they fail to provide a credible explanation or exhibit suspicious behavior.",
    "Scrutinize groups strongly defending a single person without logical reasoning – likely a wolf pack. Focus voting on core defenders.",
    "Abstain only if genuinely unsure, documenting reasons."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning, investigate the connection and vote out the defender.",
    "IF a player’s voting pattern contradicts their stated reasoning, suspect deception.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the Guard’s protection choices, highly suspect a wolf.",
    "IF a player claims information but refuses to share, consider them untrustworthy.",
    "IF a player is consistently targeted and receives a Save, thoroughly investigate the Witch and the saved player.",
    "IF a player’s reasoning is consistently circular or relies on personal attacks, suspect a wolf.",
    "IF a player is overly eager to accuse others early in the game, suspect a wolf attempting to sow discord."
  ]
}