{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection. ALWAYS save if targeted, regardless of information loss. (Consistent)",
    "If not targeted, assess player logic. Prioritize protecting active, logical players who demonstrate information gathering and ask pointed questions. Avoid protecting passive or easily swayed players. (Consistent, but refine player assessment)",
    "Rotate Guard protection to avoid predictability. Track who is protected to prevent repeated targeting. (Consistent)",
    "IF wolves target a player I strongly suspect is a wolf, do NOT save them. Observe wolf reaction and alliance patterns. Record the wolf target for later analysis. (Consistent)",
    "IF the Guard protects the same person repeatedly, consider that the Guard may be a wolf or severely misguided. Begin tracking protection frequency. (Consistent)",
    "Consider protecting players who actively challenge the Guard’s choices. (Consistent)",
    "If the Guard protects a player I suspect is a wolf, DO NOT save the target. Observe reactions."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately identify and document deflection tactics, focusing on ringleaders and their defenders. Note accusation speed vs. reasoning. (Consistent)",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer: Remain silent, observe interactions. Identify who defends false claims and who quickly shifts blame. Focus on observing the *reactions* of others to claims of Seer. Note who aggressively defends the claim. (Consistent)",
    "Frame observations objectively, releasing information gradually to prevent manipulation. (Consistent)",
    "IF falsely accused: Vote for the most suspicious deflector, explaining their pattern of deflection. Highlight the accuser’s reliance on emotion over logic. (Consistent)",
    "Observe defenders of accusers – potential wolf pack. Note justifications and consistency. (Consistent)",
    "IF a player aggressively pushes a narrative without supporting evidence, they are likely a wolf attempting to control the discussion. Challenge their claims directly and expose logical fallacies. Demand concrete reasoning. (Consistent)",
    "When revealing information, start with the least controversial findings and gradually introduce more sensitive details. (Consistent)",
    "Actively question claims lacking supporting evidence. Force others to justify their assertions. Demand concrete reasoning. (Consistent)",
    "Focus on identifying inconsistencies in reasoning. Prioritize detecting contradictions in statements. (Consistent)",
    "IF a player consistently redirects blame and avoids taking responsibility for their reasoning, they are highly suspicious. (Consistent)",
    "Prioritize identifying coordinated defense patterns between multiple players. Note mirroring of accusations."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize eliminating the most likely werewolf based on accumulated information and deflection patterns. Consider who consistently deflects and defends others. (Consistent)",
    "IF accused, vote for a known/highly suspected werewolf, highlighting the accuser’s deflection. Frame the accusation as a tactic. (Consistent)",
    "Exercise caution before bandwagoning; analyze for wolf orchestration. Wolves often try to manipulate votes. Look for coordinated voting patterns. Delay voting if possible to assess the situation. (Consistent)",
    "In ties, vote for the most immediate threat based on observed behavior and deflection. Prioritize eliminating the most vocal deflector. (Consistent)",
    "IF previous exile flimsy/deflection-based, consider voting for the accuser to deter deflection. (Consistent)",
    "Vote for players consistently defending baseless accusations. (Consistent)",
    "If uncertain, abstain – demonstrating careful consideration. (Consistent)",
    "Clearly articulate reasoning, emphasizing deflection tactics. Provide specific examples. (Consistent)",
    "Consider the potential impact of a vote on the wolves’ strategy. Do not telegraph intentions. (Consistent)",
    "If multiple players demonstrate a coordinated defense of a single player, prioritize eliminating that defended player."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain role ambiguity until strategically advantageous. Avoid revealing my role unnecessarily. (Consistent)",
    "Adapt strategy based on game dynamics and player behaviors. Be flexible and responsive. (Consistent)",
    "Continuously observe subtle cues – word choice, behavior, micro-expressions. Pay attention to inconsistencies. (Consistent)",
    "Avoid premature trust; look for contradictions. Verify claims before accepting them. (Consistent)",
    "Disrupt wolf pack behavior by strategically voting and exposing coordinated actions. Target consistent defenders. (Consistent)",
    "Be prepared to sacrifice an innocent villager as a last resort, but only if it significantly weakens the wolves. (Consistent)",
    "After the first exile, reassess group dynamics. Identify emerging alliances and potential leaders. (Consistent)",
    "Pay close attention to how players react to accusations against others. Observe defensiveness and redirection. (Consistent)",
    "Focus on identifying patterns of quickly shifting blame and targets. (Consistent)",
    "Actively look for mirroring behavior – where multiple players repeat the same accusations or justifications. This is a strong indicator of wolf coordination."
  ]
}