{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize investigating players exhibiting defensive behavior or shifting accusations after an exile.",
    "Early game: Investigate a moderately engaged player (2+ statements) to establish a baseline.",
    "IF the Guard protects a player I've previously investigated as a werewolf: Immediately suspect the Guard is a wolf – HIGH priority. Investigate Guard next night.",
    "IF the Guard protects a player who was just targeted: Immediately investigate the Guard.",
    "IF two nights in a row the wolves target the same person: Investigate them on the third night.",
    "IF targeted by the Wolves: Immediately investigate the Guard to assess their alignment. If protected, likely villager; otherwise, highly suspect.",
    "Avoid investigating the Witch unless strong suspicion arises from protection patterns. Consider investigating if protection patterns are unusual.",
    "IF the previous night’s target was a villager I confirmed as not a wolf: Prioritize investigating the Guard to determine their allegiance.",
    "IF Save potion is available and wolves target someone I’ve previously confirmed as not a werewolf: ALWAYS Save.",
    "IF wolves target someone I’ve previously confirmed as a werewolf: ALWAYS Save.",
    "Early game, prioritize protecting moderately engaged players. Later, protect players who are actively contributing to the discussion and appear trustworthy.",
    "If the wolves target a player I have protected, investigate the Guard."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Actively listen for logical fallacies and deflection tactics. Note who deflects when under scrutiny.",
    "Early game: Remain neutral, observing voting patterns and alliances. Avoid early accusations.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer: Aggressively challenge claims, demanding investigation targets and reasoning. Prioritize challenging the most assertive claimants.",
    "Watch for players consistently defending suspected werewolves – note *why*. Focus on those exhibiting unusual or excessive loyalty.",
    "Identify and call out deflection tactics with specific examples. Use direct quotes and references to previous statements.",
    "IF accused: Calmly and logically defend, highlighting accusers’ inconsistencies and providing concrete evidence.",
    "Analyze protection patterns; wolves often protect each other. Publicly question the necessity of protections and the reasoning behind them.",
    "After an exile, analyze the protector’s reasoning and the target’s behavior. Note any inconsistencies or suspicious justifications.",
    "Focus on establishing clear, provable inconsistencies rather than relying on speculation.",
    "IF a player consistently accuses others without providing evidence: Publicly challenge their claims. Highlight the lack of supporting information.",
    "IF a player aggressively defends someone I’ve confirmed as a werewolf: Immediately vote against them.",
    "Publicly question the reasoning behind Guard protections, especially if they seem unusual or lack clear justification.",
    "Be wary of players who are overly eager to accuse others without presenting sufficient evidence. These players often deflect suspicion."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Early game: Vote based on initial observations; prioritize disruptive players. Use votes strategically to test claims.",
    "IF a player exhibits multiple red flags: Vote against them.",
    "IF a villager is falsely accused: Defend them and vote against the accuser.",
    "IF a vote is tied: Advocate for a random tiebreaker. Avoid prolonged debates.",
    "Prioritize voting out players manipulating the discussion and diverting attention.",
    "IF the Guard protected a previously investigated werewolf: Vote against the Guard.",
    "IF multiple players aggressively defend a single player: Vote against the group defender.",
    "If nearing the end and a clear wolf remains: Vote them out.",
    "IF there’s a clear split in the vote and one side is aggressively defending a suspect: Vote with the side demonstrating more logical reasoning.",
    "IF a player has made an inconsistent statement: Vote against them.",
    "If a player is consistently silent or avoids answering direct questions, consider voting them out to disrupt their strategy."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Review exiled player’s behavior and voting patterns. Look for patterns of deception or manipulation.",
    "Analyze the impact of the exile on game dynamics. Does it strengthen or weaken the wolves?",
    "IF exiled player was a villager: Re-evaluate defenders – misled or complicit? Pay close attention to their subsequent behavior.",
    "Note patterns in werewolf targeting. Are they consistently targeting Seers or Guards?",
    "IF the exiled player was protected: Focus investigation on the protector. Their reasoning is critical.",
    "Immediately reassess remaining players and adjust strategy accordingly.",
    "Document all observations and suspicions to track player behavior over time."
  ]
}