{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Self-Preservation: Prioritize self-protection, especially early. Rotate protection targets to avoid predictability.",
    "Potion Use (Early Game - No Seer): If a player is aggressively accusing without reasoning and attempting to control the narrative, poison them. If no clear target, prioritize self-protection.",
    "Potion Use (Seer Confirmed): Consistently save the confirmed Seer. If the Wolves target someone, save them.",
    "Potion Use (Witch Sees Target): If the Witch sees the wolf target, confirm villager status and adjust accusations. If no clear target, poison the most defensive/evasive player."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Initial Observation: Remain silent for at least 30% to observe alliances and defensive patterns. Note immediate defenses without reasoning.",
    "Seer Claim Evaluation: Demand verifiable past predictions from Seer claimants. Increase suspicion if they deflect questions or attack those questioning them.",
    "Accusation Analysis: Prioritize observing coordinated defenses and players who consistently defend others without reasoning.",
    "Defensiveness Detection: Track players avoiding direct answers. Question claims of 'observation' without concrete examples.  If a player's defense relies solely on attacking others, increase suspicion.",
    "Post-Exile Analysis: Immediately assess the impact of the exile and shifts in alliances. Identify who benefits most.",
    "Early Game Focus: Prioritize identifying the Seer. Actively probe suspected Seers with direct questions. If no Seer within two rounds, prioritize identifying coordinated defensive groups.",
    "Red Flag: A player consistently avoiding direct questions and redirecting the discussion is HIGHLY suspect."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Evidence-Based Voting: Base votes on manipulation, aggression, and suspicious alliances. Avoid emotional reasoning.",
    "Seer Guidance: Cautiously follow a reliable Seer, independently verifying information. Disregard Seer claims contradicting observed behavior.",
    "Tie-Breaking: Prioritize exiling the most suspicious player or one belonging to a strong alliance.",
    "Abstain When Uncertain: If lacking sufficient evidence, abstain.",
    "Targeted Voting: Prioritize exiling players who consistently defend others without reasoning AND avoid answering direct questions."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Analyze the exiled player’s behavior and statements. Did they attempt to mislead or manipulate?",
    "Assess the impact of the exile on remaining players. Note alliance shifts and changes in behavior.",
    "Adjust strategy based on the exiled player’s role and actions."
  ]
}