{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting players who demonstrate logical reasoning and insightful analysis, especially if they are consistently observant and articulate.",
    "IF Seer is alive and identifies a wolf, protect that wolf to elicit information about their allies. Assess risk based on observed behavior.",
    "IF a Save potion is available and I suspect a player is a wolf, save them to force action and reveal allies. Carefully assess risk.",
    "IF no clear targets emerge, prioritize saving the player who has provided the most insightful analysis during the previous day’s discussion.",
    "Avoid saving players who are overly defensive or deflect suspicion without providing concrete reasoning."]
  ,
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately challenge Seer claims with specific questions demanding evidence. Be skeptical of vague observations.",
    "Treat vocal defenders and players who aggressively defend others with high suspicion; wolves often coordinate defenses.",
    "Be wary of players shifting blame without evidence or offering weak explanations. Note these behaviors.",
    "Note passive players, but avoid premature accusations. Observe their reactions to accusations against others.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, aggressively question their claims, look for inconsistencies, and run a 'test' investigation target.",
    "IF a player aggressively accuses the Witch, consider them a high-priority suspect. This is a common deflection tactic.",
    "Focus on identifying alliances. Wolves often operate in pairs or small groups. Observe who consistently supports whom.",
    "IF a player attempts to force a narrative or consensus, particularly dismissing other players' observations or concerns, suspect them of manipulation. Prioritize questioning their reasoning."]
  ,
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize voting out werewolves based on observed behavior and Seer claims (if credible).",
    "In a tie, vote against the player who appears most likely to be a wolf, considering potential alliances and observed deception.",
    "Support credible Seer claims, but cross-reference with observed behavior to avoid blind faith.",
    "Avoid random voting; every vote must be purposeful and reasoned. Prioritize removing the most immediate threat to the village.",
    "IF multiple players aggressively defend each other, consider them both highly suspicious and prioritize their elimination. Consider a split vote if necessary."]
  ,
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "After each exile, carefully analyze the discussion leading up to the vote. Identify patterns of deception, manipulation, and attempts to control the narrative.",
    "Assess the impact of each exile on the remaining players. Does it reveal new alliances or strategies? Does it expose any patterns of behavior?",
    "Adjust my strategy based on the evolving dynamics of the game. Be prepared to shift alliances or voting patterns as new information emerges.",
    "Pay close attention to how players react to the elimination of others. Wolves often display unusual behavior or attempt to exploit the situation."]
}