{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize SAVE if a confirmed Villager (Seer/Witch intel) is targeted. This remains paramount.', 'If target is unknown, prioritize POISON on players exhibiting immediate, aggressive, and unsupported accusations after an elimination, especially if they lack independent reasoning. This is crucial to disrupt deflection tactics.', 'IF the Witch sees the wolf target (Save potion available), prioritize POISON on players exhibiting coordinated behavior or attempting to control the narrative.', 'IF both wolves are targeting the same player, prioritize saving that player.', 'Be extremely cautious about using Save if the targeted player consistently deflects or attempts to control the narrative. Observe their reaction after a Save; high suspicion warrants allowing elimination to gather information. A swift, aggressive shift to accusing others post-save is a major red flag.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Early Game: Observe accusations and defenses. Note immediate wolf accusations post-elimination; these are often deflections. Identify players jumping to accusations without evidence.', 'Mid-Game: Challenge circular reasoning directly. Demand specific reasoning from Guards; vague explanations are suspicious. Probe for inconsistencies in claims.', 'IF multiple people claim Seer: Directly challenge their claims to force contradictions. Demand proof; specifically, details of their investigations. Prioritize discrediting false Seer claims – false Seer claims are highly disruptive.', 'IF Guard claims protection: Demand specific reasoning. Probe for inconsistencies. Cross-reference with observed behavior and consider if it’s a deflection. Focus questioning on *why* they chose that player. Look for evasiveness.', 'IF Accused: Defend logically, pointing out flaws in accusers’ arguments. Redirect suspicion to those exhibiting manipulative behavior. Avoid emotional arguments.', 'Watch for players labeling victims as wolves immediately after elimination – a deflection tactic. Call it out directly and name the deflection.', "Actively seek to identify players who consistently echo each other’s arguments without providing independent reasoning; ask 'Why do you agree with [Player X]? What is your independent reasoning?'", "Pay close attention to coordinated voting or defense patterns; identify 'echo chambers.' Challenge those who blindly follow. Point out the lack of independent thought.", "IF a player attempts to control the narrative or dismisses alternative viewpoints, increase suspicion. Ask leading questions to expose inconsistencies. Specifically, challenge claims of 'suspicious behavior' without offering supporting details."], 'Voting Phase': ['Early Game: Strategically eliminate obvious threats or disrupt potential wolf alliances. Prioritize players exhibiting deflection tactics.', 'Mid-Game: Prioritize suspected werewolves based on discussion and information, focusing on deflections and coordinated voting.', 'Late Game: Decisive elimination of remaining wolves, even at personal risk. Ensure votes are aligned to build consensus.', 'Avoid being the sole voter; align votes to build consensus.', 'IF a tie is likely and the exile is a suspected werewolf, vote randomly to break the tie.', 'IF voting alone, ensure reasoning is exceptionally clear and logically sound, and clearly state the reasoning.', 'Prioritize disrupting coordinated voting patterns. Identify and break up echo chambers. Explicitly call out coordinated voting.', 'IF a player consistently attempts to manipulate the vote, prioritize their elimination.'], 'General Strategy': ['Maintain a consistent, logical approach to reasoning and accusations.', 'Be wary of players who aggressively defend others without offering independent reasoning.', 'Document observations about player behavior to identify patterns.', 'If pressured to vote quickly, request clarification.', "Recognize 'performative caution' as a deflection tactic.", 'Adopt a deliberately neutral stance early on to observe player dynamics. Avoid making strong accusations until sufficient evidence is gathered.', 'Be prepared to shift alliances based on new information and observed behavior. Flexibility is key.', 'If a player consistently uses circular reasoning, escalate suspicion and vote them out.']}