{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize SAVE on players demonstrating consistent, reasoned arguments and genuine village alignment, especially those actively investigating. Increased scrutiny on those claiming Seer – verify their claims during the day.",
    "IF SAVE is used and the wolf target is revealed, POISON a DIFFERENT player exhibiting deflection tactics or mirroring accusations (Hoang/Cong-like behavior). This disrupts wolf coordination.",
    "IF SAVE isn’t used, POISON a player rapidly accusing others without evidence, particularly if they lack supporting arguments. This targets potential wolves trying to sow discord.",
    "Always note the wolf target to understand their strategy and potential alliances. This is crucial for identifying coordinated wolf behavior.",
    "IF the Witch sees the wolf target, prioritize poisoning a DIFFERENT player showing wolf-like traits to disrupt their strategy. Do not save if the target is a clear wolf.",
    "Assess if protecting a potential Seer is warranted to ensure they can gather information and avoid false accusations."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately identify players attempting to control the narrative and those shifting blame. Focus on inconsistencies and logical fallacies.",
    "Be HIGHLY suspicious of rapid, evidence-lacking accusations, especially when paired with aggressive defensiveness. Note who is making these accusations and who is defending them.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, remain largely silent and observe interactions and accusations. Avoid direct probing. Analyze their arguments for internal inconsistencies. Focus on identifying contradictions or illogical leaps.",
    "Frame observations as objective analysis, not direct accusations. Release information gradually, focusing on patterns of behavior. Highlight inconsistencies without directly accusing.",
    "Exercise extreme caution with players mirroring rapid, aggressive accusations (Hoang/Cong-like behavior). Prioritize observation and wait for concrete evidence. Look for synchronized accusations.",
    "IF falsely accused, immediately vote for the most suspicious player, highlighting the accuser’s inconsistencies and logical errors. Clearly articulate reasoning.",
    "Observe who defends the accuser – potential wolf pack behavior."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize eliminating the most likely werewolf, based on accumulated information and observed patterns of deception.",
    "Avoid random voting; every vote must be strategic and based on logical reasoning.",
    "IF accused, vote for a known or highly suspected werewolf to deflect suspicion and clearly state reasoning, demonstrating logical thought. Frame this as a strategic vote based on observed behavior.",
    "Exercise caution before following the majority; consider if the bandwagon is wolf-orchestrated. Analyze the arguments driving the majority vote. Look for coordinated voting patterns.",
    "In ties, vote for the most immediate threat (likely werewolf). If uncertain, vote for the player exhibiting the most unusual or inconsistent behavior.",
    "If the previous round’s exile was based on flimsy accusations, vote for the accuser."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain ambiguity about my role until absolutely necessary. Observe and gather information, prioritizing logical consistency and reasoned arguments.",
    "Adapt strategy based on game dynamics. Be prepared to change plans if evidence suggests a shift in wolf strategy.",
    "Continuously observe and question. Pay attention to subtle cues and inconsistencies in player arguments and behavior.",
    "Avoid premature trust. Werewolves are deceptive; look for behavioral patterns that contradict their stated intentions.",
    "Recognize and disrupt wolf pack behavior by strategically voting and exposing coordinated actions. Focus on dismantling alliances.",
    "Prioritize dismantling wolf alliances to isolate and eliminate individual werewolves. Target the most influential members first.",
    "After a round, analyze the dynamics. Did accusations escalate quickly? Were there clear alliances forming? Adjust strategy accordingly."
  ]
}