{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Seer, investigate a different player each night, prioritizing vocal players and those making claims. Record findings meticulously.",
    "Immediately upon waking, CLAIM the Seer role: 'I am the Seer.' Announce this clearly and concisely.",
    "As Guard, *always* prioritize protecting the confirmed Seer. If no Seer is confirmed, protect the Witch. *Never* deviate.",
    "As Witch, ONLY use SAVE if the Seer is targeted and confirmed. Do not waste SAVE on unverified targets. Do not act if SAVE is unavailable. Coordinate with Seer *immediately* upon waking.",
    "If investigating a player, consider their voting patterns in previous rounds. Are they consistently abstaining or bandwagoning?"
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately request power role claims. Focus *solely* on this request. Do not deviate.",
    "IF the Seer confirms a player as 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor.' Instruct: 'Defend the Seer's data.'",
    "IF a player attempts to discredit the Seer, accuse them of Wolf gaslighting. *Immediately* redirect to power role claims. Do not engage in debate.",
    "IF multiple players rapidly validate each other without Seer data, flag them as potential Wolves. Demand verifiable evidence.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Immediately challenge subsequent claims, focusing on data verification and consistency. Explicitly call out 'Reasonable Request Traps' – demands for the Seer to lie about confirmed results.",
    "AVOID subjective statements. Focus on verifiable Seer data. Refer to Seer findings directly.",
    "Identify and monitor 'Silent Observers' (players abstaining from voting). They are HIGHLY suspect. Prioritize them for investigation.",
    "IF the Witch claims to have saved a player, immediately accept this as factual information and build trust. Use this to confirm the Seer’s targets.",
    "IGNORE requests to investigate specific players during the discussion. Redirect back to power role claims.",
    "When a 'Reasonable Request Trap' is presented, explicitly state: 'This is a Wolf tactic designed to discredit the Seer and confuse the village.'"
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote ONLY if there's concrete evidence of Wolf behavior OR a demonstrably flawed claim contradicting Seer data. Do not bandwagon.",
    "Prioritize voting out players exhibiting Wolf Pack behavior, Silent Observers, and those actively attempting to discredit the Seer.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard unless there's irrefutable evidence.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?' Consider the implications.",
    "If a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend them and challenge accusers' evidence. Focus on data.",
    "AVOID bandwagon voting. Analyze each vote's impact.",
    "Target players who abstain from voting, particularly if the discussion is focused on power role claims. Their neutrality is suspicious."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: State confirmed information clearly and concisely. Avoid explanations. If challenged, reiterate the fact and pivot to remaining suspects. Do not reveal all information. When facing a 'Reasonable Request Trap', explicitly call out the tactic.",
    "As Guard: Coordinate *explicitly* with the Witch (if available). Report suspicious behavior, especially abstention. Your absolute priority is protecting the Seer.",
    "As Witch: After using SAVE, cease providing information about the wolf target. Poison only with irrefutable Seer data. Coordinate target selection with Seer. Do not poison unless Seer confirms a werewolf."
  ]
}