{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting the Seer if identified. If no Seer, protect the player demonstrating the most consistent, logical reasoning and avoiding aggressive accusations.",
    "If the Wolves target a player I protected, immediately scrutinize that player's behavior during the day. They are likely a key target for the wolves.",
    "Avoid protecting players immediately after they make unsubstantiated strong accusations; suspect deflection.",
    "If Save is used, closely observe the saved player's behavior and reasoning during the day phase. Look for inconsistencies and attempts to manipulate.",
    "If Save is used and the targeted player is aggressive or accusatory, strongly suspect them of being a wolf trying to deflect suspicion."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately summarize night events, emphasizing targets, protection, and potion usage. Highlight any inconsistencies or unusual behavior.",
    "IF a player claims Seer: Demand verifiable results and cross-reference with past statements. If they avoid providing results or offer contradictory information, strongly suspect them.",
    "IF a Save occurs: Demand a detailed explanation from the Witch. Scrutinize the saved player’s explanation and behavior. If the explanation is vague or inconsistent, suspect the saved player.",
    "Aggressively call out deflection and track who defends whom. Prioritize identifying coordinated defenses, as this often indicates a wolf pack.",
    "IF multiple players align without logical reasoning: Suspect a wolf pack and prioritize Seer investigation on the aligned group.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the discussion or dismisses others' observations: Suspect a wolf attempting manipulation. Challenge their control and encourage diverse perspectives.",
    "IF a player frames accusations as 'logical' or 'obvious': Highly suspect a manipulative wolf. Probe their reasoning and expose any logical fallacies.",
    "IF a player consistently redirects blame without offering substantial evidence: Suspect deflection and a potential wolf. Highlight their lack of concrete evidence.",
    "IF a player consistently attacks another player without logical reasoning, suspect they are trying to deflect suspicion from themselves."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on observed behavior and reasoning, prioritizing verifiable evidence and consistency. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "Support consensus only if reasoning is sound and consistent. Question unsupported consensus and demand justification.",
    "Prioritize voting out players exhibiting repeated deflection, especially when defended by others. These players are likely wolves.",
    "IF a Save occurred, prioritize voting out the saved player *if* they fail to provide a credible explanation or exhibit suspicious behavior.",
    "Scrutinize groups strongly defending a single person without logical reasoning – likely a wolf pack. Focus voting on the core defenders.",
    "Abstain only if genuinely unsure, documenting reasons and observing other players’ rationale. Avoid random votes."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning: Investigate the connection and vote out the defender.",
    "IF a player’s voting pattern contradicts their stated reasoning: Suspect deception.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the Guard’s protection choices: Highly suspect a wolf.",
    "IF a player claims information but refuses to share: Consider them untrustworthy.",
    "IF a player is consistently targeted and receives a Save: Thoroughly investigate the Witch and the saved player.",
    "IF a player’s reasoning is consistently circular or relies on personal attacks: Suspect a wolf.",
    "IF a player avoids answering direct questions: Suspect deception. Press them for clarification.",
    "IF a player is overly eager to accuse others early in the game: Suspect a wolf attempting to sow discord and deflect suspicion."
  ]
}