{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Save on Seer – absolutely critical for information. Secondarily, save confirmed villagers (via Seer) targeted by wolves.",
    "If Save is used, demand a detailed rationale from the targeted player during Day Discussion. Assume guilt until proven otherwise.",
    "Avoid Save on aggressively accusatory players lacking evidence; they are likely wolves sowing discord. Focus on players demonstrating logical reasoning.",
    "If the Witch sees the wolf target after using Save, aggressively investigate the targeted player’s justification during Day Discussion. Look for inconsistencies.",
    "If no clear target exists, prioritize saving a player who consistently demonstrates logical reasoning and independent thought; assess behavior *before* committing to Save.",
    "If Werewolves are close to winning and a Seer is available, consider Poisoning a key Wolf to buy time for information gathering.",
    "If the Guard is protecting a player who has shown aggressive or illogical behavior, strongly suspect the Guard is a wolf."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately summarize night events, highlighting targets, protections, and potion usage. State Seer findings clearly and concisely.",
    "IF a player claims Seer, demand verifiable results and cross-reference with observed behavior. Challenge vague reasoning and inconsistencies. If Seer is hesitant, suspect a wolf.",
    "IF Witch used Save, demand a detailed explanation and probe for inconsistencies. Assess the targeted player's logic under pressure. Note if the explanation shifts or lacks detail.",
    "Aggressively call out deflection and track defenders lacking logical reasoning. Note patterns of defense.",
    "IF multiple players align without logical reasoning, suspect a wolf pack. Prioritize Seer investigation on the group, if possible.",
    "IF accused of deflection, aggressively challenge the accuser's reasoning, providing counter-evidence. Document flaws.",
    "Focus discussion on observable behavior and justifications, not just accusations. Ask specific questions probing for inconsistencies.",
    "IF a player repeatedly asks leading questions, suspect they are attempting to steer the conversation. Identify the direction and call it out.",
    "IF a player consistently changes their accusation target quickly, suspect they are reacting to the group’s actions and are likely a wolf."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on observed behavior and reasoning, prioritizing verifiable evidence. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "Support consensus only if reasoning is sound and supported by evidence.",
    "IF Save occurred, prioritize voting out the saved player if they fail to provide a credible explanation.",
    "Scrutinize groups strongly defending a single person without logical reasoning – potential wolf packs.",
    "IF a player’s voting pattern contradicts their stated reasoning, suspect deception.",
    "Abstain only if genuinely unsure, documenting reasons.",
    "IF the Witch used Poison, prioritize voting out the target if their explanation is unconvincing.",
    "Prioritize voting out players repeatedly accusing others without evidence.",
    "If a player consistently votes with a small group, investigate their connection and vote out the defender."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning, investigate the connection and vote out the defender.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the Guard’s protection choices, strongly suspect a wolf.",
    "IF a player denies being Seer despite exhibiting Seer-like behavior, scrutinize their motives.",
    "IF a player uses complex language to justify actions, suspect obfuscation. Demand clarity.",
    "IF a player consistently agrees with another’s accusations without reasoning, suspect a wolf pack.",
    "IF a player claims confusion repeatedly, observe their behavior closely for signs of deception.",
    "IF a player quickly changes their accusation target, suspect they are reacting to the group.",
    "IF a player aggressively targets the Witch, suspect they are attempting to remove the primary source of information.",
    "IF a player claims to have information but refuses to share it, suspect deception.",
    "IF a player starts a false accusation against a player who is being protected, suspect a wolf attempting to bait."
  ]
}