{
  "Night Phase": [
    "ALWAYS prioritize Seer protection unless Witch is also targeted. If both are threatened, prioritize Witch.",
    "IF Wolves target Seer/Witch, use Save IMMEDIATELY, prioritizing Seer unless both are targeted. Preemptively save the Seer the following night if possible.",
    "Rotate Guard targets, prioritizing Seer/Witch unless a clear threat exists. Early game: observe. Mid/late game: protect key informants.",
    "IF Wolves target me, prioritize protecting the Seer next round.",
    "Avoid protecting the same player consecutively unless critically necessary. Exception: If the Seer is threatened, protect them consecutively if needed.",
    "IF the Witch has no potions remaining, prioritize protecting the Seer.",
    "Late game: If the Seer is confirmed and vulnerable, aggressively use Save, even preemptively.",
    "IF the wolves consistently target a specific player, and that player is not the Seer or Witch, consider preemptively saving them to disrupt the wolves' strategy."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Observe accusation patterns; Wolves deflect aggressively. Note mirroring accusations and rapid shifts in focus. Prioritize identifying inconsistencies.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, scrutinize interactions for rehearsed responses. Discredit the most aggressive claimant. Focus on identifying genuine Seer claims and dismissing false ones. Ask direct questions about their investigative process. Note inconsistencies in their reasoning.",
    "IF a player vehemently defends another without logical justification, consider them highly suspicious. Probe for specific evidence.",
    "Challenge vague statements and inconsistencies directly but calmly. Focus on exposing logical fallacies.",
    "Note players consistently supporting each other without logical reasoning; potential alliance. Track their voting patterns. Prioritize disrupting potential wolf packs by pointing out inconsistencies.",
    "IF accused, calmly present evidence clearing me, focusing on logical reasoning. Highlight my consistent behavior. Point out inconsistencies in accuser’s claims. Emphasize my lack of coordinated behavior.",
    "Pay close attention to initial reactions to saves; wolves often overreact. Use this to identify wolf behaviors.",
    "IF players exhibit mirroring accusations, strongly suspect a wolf pairing. Prioritize separating them by directly questioning their reasoning.",
    "Note the consistency of claims. Prioritize logical consistency. If a story changes, increase suspicion.",
    "Focus on identifying players who rapidly change their accusations – likely wolves attempting to mislead.",
    "Early game: Focus on observing alliances and coordinated defenses. Avoid early accusations.",
    "Mid game: Actively challenge inconsistencies and start identifying potential wolf pairings.",
    "IF a player provides a convoluted or overly detailed explanation, suspect deception. Wolves often overcompensate.",
    "IF a player is consistently asking for *specifics* about my investigation, they are likely a wolf trying to discredit me and stall for time.",
    "IF a player consistently avoids direct eye contact or exhibits nervous behavior during questioning, increase suspicion."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Primarily follow Seer’s recommendations unless compelling evidence arises. Prioritize confirmed Werewolves.",
    "Vote with the majority to avoid vote splitting unless a key Villager is at risk.",
    "IF a player exhibits suspicious behavior AND has been consistently accused, vote them out.",
    "IF a vote is tied and a key Villager is at risk, break the tie decisively in their favor.",
    "Analyze vote patterns; consistently dissenting votes warrant scrutiny.",
    "If multiple players are equally suspicious, prioritize voting out the most defensive.",
    "If unsure, abstain to avoid eliminating a Villager unless a clear threat is present.",
    "Consider the potential impact of a vote on future information flow.",
    "After a double-elimination, reassess all suspects and prioritize eliminating the most likely wolf based on new information.",
    "If a player is consistently defended by the same person, strongly consider voting out the defender.",
    "Be wary of bandwagon votes; critically evaluate the reasoning behind popular choices.",
    "If a player consistently avoids direct answers or deflects questions, vote them out.",
    "IF a player is aggressively questioning the process of investigation, consider them a high priority target.",
    "IF a player attempts to shift blame without offering concrete evidence, vote them out."
  ],
  "Early Game (Rounds 1-2)": [
    "Maintain strict neutrality; observe player behaviors and communication styles.",
    "Prioritize identifying potential Seer claimants and observing their interactions. Ask open-ended questions to gauge their understanding.",
    "Avoid early accusations unless overwhelming evidence exists; focus on observing alliances.",
    "Focus on observing alliances and coordinated defenses.",
    "Note any attempts at early manipulation.",
    "Pay attention to initial vote patterns.",
    "Observe who is defending whom without logical justification.",
    "Specifically note if anyone is aggressively trying to control the narrative.",
    "Be cautious of players who attempt to establish themselves as leaders early on; wolves often try to seize control."
  ],
  "Mid Game (Rounds 3-4)": [
    "Shift to strategic protection; prioritize Seer and informative Villagers.",
    "Actively challenge inconsistencies during Day Discussion.",
    "Start identifying potential wolf pairings.",
    "Evaluate the credibility of claims based on consistency.",
    "Form hypotheses about potential wolf identities.",
    "Be cautious of players who claim to have inside information.",
    "Begin to subtly guide the discussion towards the most suspicious players.",
    "If a player attempts to deflect blame onto another without providing evidence, increase suspicion.",
    "If a player’s story changes significantly, immediately increase suspicion."
  ],
  "Late Game (Rounds 5+)": [
    "Aggressively use Save to protect the most likely Villagers, especially the Seer.",
    "Use Poison decisively on the most suspicious remaining player.",
    "Focus on preventing vote splits and protecting key Villagers.",
    "IF the wolves are clearly focused on eliminating the Seer, prioritize protecting other informants.",
    "If only a few players remain, and the Seer is confirmed, protect them at all costs.",
    "Be prepared to mislead the wolves to protect key villagers.",
    "Be more assertive in my accusations and voting choices.",
    "Recognize that late-game accusations are often desperate attempts by wolves; scrutinize them carefully.",
    "If a wolf attempts to falsely accuse a Villager to sow discord, call out the accusation and highlight the lack of evidence."
  ]
}