{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Protect the Seer *always* first. If the Seer is dead, protect the Witch. If both are dead, protect the player most consistently providing verifiable information.",
    "NEVER use the Save potion preemptively. Reserve it *solely* for confirmed Wolf threats to the Seer.",
    "Use the Poison potion ONLY with Seer confirmation or undeniable contradiction of a player’s claims. Prioritize eliminating suspected Wolves.",
    "Avoid protecting the same player consecutively. Rotate protection to maximize coverage. Prioritize the Seer's safety above all else."]
,  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Focus *exclusively* on verifiable claims and logical outcomes. Disregard subjective observations about tone, demeanor, or 'vibes'.",
    "IF a player claims Seer, demand a *specific, verifiable* lead from a previous round. If they cannot provide one, treat them with extreme suspicion and challenge their claim relentlessly.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the player providing the most verifiable and actionable information. Cross-reference claims and scrutinize contradictions. Demand specific details.",
    "IF a 'Wolf Pack Vote' emerges (multiple players using similar justifications), identify the ringleader – the one initiating the vote – and scrutinize them first. Break the echo chamber by questioning the initial justification.",
    "Immediately flag and question players using vague terms like 'convenient,' 'swift,' or 'orchestrated' without specific evidence. Demand concrete examples.",
    "IF a player immediately questions a confirmed innocent’s claim, view that player with HIGH suspicion. It’s a deflection.",
    "IF a player’s actions contradict a confirmed Seer’s investigation, vote them out IMMEDIATELY. No exceptions.",
    "IF multiple players use psychological jargon (e.g., 'narrative control', 'deflection') to attack a power role, flag them as a potential Wolf pack.",
    "If a player attacks a power role's *method* of investigation rather than presenting a counter-claim, suspect them of being a wolf."]
,  "Voting Phase": [
    "Base votes *solely* on validated information and logical reasoning. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "IF the Seer has provided a verifiable lead, prioritize voting for anyone contradicting that lead. No exceptions.",
    "IF a player votes against a confirmed Seer's lead, vote them out.",
    "Do not vote based on 'vibes' or accusations without evidence. Be the Devil's Advocate: question consensus.",
    "After a power role is exiled, immediately identify the instigator – they are almost certainly a Wolf.",
    "If a 'Wolf Pack Vote' is detected, prioritize voting for the suspected ringleader."]
,  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player claims a power role (Seer/Witch/Guard) without providing verifiable information, view them with extreme suspicion and actively seek evidence to disprove their claim. Press them for details.",
    "IF a player consistently votes with others against power roles, analyze their motivations and potential wolf affiliation. Look for echo-chamber behavior.",
    "IF a 'clear' player (confirmed by Seer) votes to exile the Seer, vote the 'clear' player out immediately. This is a critical contradiction.",
    "Track the 'Narrative Leader' – the one steering the vote using emotional arguments. Prioritize voting for the Narrative Leader. Identify the source of the emotional manipulation." ]
}