{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting players demonstrating logical reasoning and actively contributing to discussion, especially early game. Protect those who consistently ask clarifying questions.",
    "If a player is consistently targeted or under suspicion, protect them to observe reactions and gather information. However, be wary of players who become *more* defensive when protected.",
    "Avoid protecting unusually quiet or evasive players unless there’s strong evidence suggesting they’re being targeted unfairly.",
    "If multiple players claim Seer, protect the one with the most convincing argument, focusing on their reasoning process. Probe their claims subtly.",
    "If the previous night's elimination was suspicious, protect the player who nominated the target to observe their behavior. Analyze their justification for the nomination.",
    "Consider saving a player targeted by wolves if the Seer has identified them as a villager, especially early on.",
    "Early game, if uncertain, prioritize protecting the most vocal and logical player to gain information and potentially deter wolf attacks."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Observe the conversation flow before speaking. Identify potential leaders and influencers, noting their arguments and alliances.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, ask clarifying questions about their methods and results *without* directly accusing. Look for inconsistencies in their claims.",
    "IF a player consistently accuses without reasoning, gently request evidence or alternative explanations. Challenge logical fallacies.",
    "IF a player defends another without supporting arguments, politely request their reasoning and basis of trust. Probe for vulnerabilities.",
    "IF a player deflects suspicion, highlight inconsistencies and evasive behavior. Point out logical flaws in their arguments.",
    "Frame the Guard role as defensive, protecting those crucial for reasoning. Avoid appearing overly aggressive.",
    "Be wary of coordinated defenses and echo chambers. If multiple players consistently support each other, investigate their alignment.",
    "Subtly introduce doubt about suspect claims by posing hypothetical scenarios. Example: 'If X were a wolf, how would they react?'"
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on investigations, discussion flow, and potential consequences. Prioritize confirmed wolves or deceptive players.",
    "IF no clear suspect, vote for the most disruptive player, but only after careful consideration and observing their behavior.",
    "IF multiple suspects, consider the impact of each vote on the remaining players and the overall game dynamic. Avoid impulsive votes.",
    "IF suspecting a wolf but lacking proof, vote for a different suspect to remove a threat or disrupt wolf strategy.",
    "If a player's defense is solely based on attacking others, vote them out."
  ],
  "Post-Elimination Analysis": [
    "Analyze eliminated player's behavior and clues revealed. Focus on interactions and arguments, looking for patterns.",
    "Consider the implications of the elimination on the remaining players and the game dynamic. How does it shift power?",
    "Adjust strategy based on new information and power balance. Re-evaluate suspicions and priorities. Assess if the elimination benefited the wolves.",
    "Note any unusual silence or sudden shifts in player behavior following an elimination. This could indicate wolf manipulation."
  ]
}