{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize self-protection early. As Seer, I am a prime target.', 'Immediately investigate the player who seems most assertive or controlling during the initial discussion.', 'If the Witch is present, observe their actions closely; their Save/Poison usage will be crucial information.', 'After investigating, if I identify a Wolf, discreetly note their identity without revealing it. Premature disclosure is risky.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Observe for at least 30% before speaking. Note initial defenses without reasoning.', 'IF multiple players claim Seer, demand verifiable predictions. Scrutinize reasoning, not just claims. A single, accurate prediction carries more weight than multiple vague assertions.', 'IF a player consistently deflects or avoids direct answers, mark them as suspicious. Challenge vague statements with specific questions.', 'IF a coordinated defense emerges, target the player who appears to be the instigator or leader of the defense.', 'After exile, assess the impact on alliances. Identify beneficiaries and potential manipulators. Note who seems relieved or gains influence.', 'Red Flag: Consistent deflection, redirection, and emotional appeals over logical reasoning indicate high suspicion. Aggressive targeting of questioners is a strong indicator of deception.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Base votes on manipulation, aggression, and suspicious alliances, not emotion.', "Cautiously follow a verified Seer's observations, but independently verify information.", 'IF a tie occurs, prioritize exiling a player who has demonstrated manipulative behavior or a history of deceptive tactics.', 'Abstain if lacking sufficient evidence or if the vote is likely to benefit the Werewolves.', 'Target players who defend others without reasoning AND avoid direct questions; they are likely wolves protecting each other.'], 'Post-Exile Analysis': ["Analyze exiled player's behavior and statements: did they mislead or manipulate? How did they contribute to the group dynamic?", 'Assess impact on remaining players: note alliance shifts and behavior changes. Identify new power dynamics.', 'IF a Seer was exiled, drastically increase scrutiny of players claiming Seer knowledge; they are likely wolves attempting to impersonate. Demand proof of Seer abilities.', 'Evaluate whether my own actions contributed to the exile of valuable Villagers and adapt accordingly.']}