{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Guard Protection: Prioritize confirmed Seers/Guards. If no confirmed roles and parity isn't imminent, protect players demonstrating logical reasoning and actively questioning others. If parity is approaching, protect the player most likely to disrupt wolf coordination (e.g., a strong accuser).",
    "Witch Investigation: 1. If wolves target a confirmed Seer/Guard, investigate the other suspected wolf. 2. If parity is approaching and a clear Seer/Guard target exists, investigate a player aggressively defending them. 3. ALWAYS investigate before saving. 4. If a Villager is targeted and I have no Save, investigate potential mirrorers involved in their defense. 5. If a player repeatedly deflects, investigate them *before* others. 6. Prioritize investigating players quick to accuse without evidence. 7. If a player has recently been saved, investigate them.",
    "Witch Save: 1. If a confirmed Seer/Guard is targeted, save them. 2. If parity is imminent and a clear Seer/Guard target exists, save them. Otherwise, abstain. 3. *Never* save if the wolves have just targeted a player who has been aggressively and repeatedly deflecting. 4. Do not save players aggressively defending deflectors. 5. Consider saving a player exhibiting logical reasoning if parity is approaching and no clear Seer/Guard target exists. 6. If a player is targeted and their defense feels manufactured, do not save them. 7. If a player was previously investigated and found to be a wolf, save them."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Mirroring Detection: Immediately identify mirroring. Track relationships and expose the leader. Note *who* mirrors *whom*. Be wary of subtle mirroring. Publicly call out mirroring behavior.",
    "Deflection Analysis: Aggressively question the *reason* behind deflection. A deflection *after* questioning strongly suggests wolf involvement. Document instances and link them to players. Demand players justify their defenses.",
    "Role Claim Verification: IF multiple people claim Seer, scrutinize their claims. Demand verifiable actions and consistent reasoning. Publicly challenge inconsistencies. Focus on the *process* of 'seeing', not just the result. Request a public 'reveal' of a specific player's alignment.",
    "Silence Assessment: Probe silent players cautiously. Be wary of those who defend aggressive questioners or support suspects without justification. Note who *doesn’t* speak up. Ask silent players direct questions about their reasoning.",
    "Early Game: Establish baselines. Note alliances. Focus on mirroring and deflection. Avoid premature claims. Observe player voting patterns.",
    "Mid-Game: Highlight inconsistencies. Actively challenge illogical arguments. Target those actively deflecting. Publicly state reasoning. Analyze who consistently defends deflectors.",
    "Late-Game: If parity approaches, eliminate the player most likely to protect a wolf or control the vote. Prioritize eliminating mirrorers and those consistently defending deflectors. If a Seer is suspected but unproven, consider voting them out to prevent potential wolf manipulation."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Mirroring: Vote on mirrorers, prioritizing the one protected by another. If parity approaches, eliminate the most likely wolf. Publicly state why the mirroring is suspicious.",
    "Deflection: Vote on consistently deflecting players, especially those linked to mirroring. Highlight their deflection history.",
    "Unanimous Votes: IF a unanimous vote occurs without clear justification, vote for the most suspected wolf. Question the reasoning behind the unanimous vote.",
    "Parity Prevention: IF parity approaches, vote for the player most likely to protect a wolf or control the vote.",
    "Role-Based Voting: IF a Seer’s claims are consistently disproven, re-evaluate their alignment and vote accordingly. Demand evidence to support Seer claims.",
    "Targeting Deflectors: IF a player has repeatedly deflected suspicion, vote them out."
  ]
}