{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting the Seer. If no Seer, protect the player exhibiting the most logical, consistent reasoning and avoiding aggressive accusations.",
    "If protected player is targeted, scrutinize their behavior during the day - likely a key wolf target.",
    "Avoid protecting players immediately after unsubstantiated strong accusations; suspect deflection.",
    "If Save is used, meticulously observe the saved player’s behavior and reasoning during the day phase. Watch for inconsistencies.",
    "If Save is used on an aggressive/accusatory player, strongly suspect them of being a wolf deflecting suspicion."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately summarize night events, highlighting targets, protection, and potion usage. Note inconsistencies.",
    "IF a player claims Seer: Demand verifiable results and cross-reference. Contradictory info = high suspicion.",
    "IF a Save occurs: Demand a detailed explanation from the Witch. Scrutinize the saved player’s explanation and behavior. Vague/inconsistent = suspicion.",
    "Aggressively call out deflection and track who defends whom. Prioritize coordinated defenses – likely a wolf pack.",
    "IF multiple players align without logical reasoning: Suspect a wolf pack. Focus Seer investigation on them.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the discussion: Suspect a wolf attempting manipulation. Challenge their control.",
    "IF a player frames accusations as 'logical' or 'obvious': Highly suspect a manipulative wolf. Probe their reasoning.",
    "IF a player redirects blame without evidence: Suspect deflection and a potential wolf. Highlight lack of evidence.",
    "IF a player consistently attacks another without reasoning: Suspect deflection from themselves."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on observed behavior and reasoning, prioritizing verifiable evidence and consistency. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "Support consensus only if reasoning is sound. Question unsupported consensus.",
    "Prioritize voting out players exhibiting repeated deflection, especially when defended by others.",
    "IF a Save occurred, prioritize voting out the saved player if they fail to provide a credible explanation or exhibit suspicious behavior.",
    "Scrutinize groups strongly defending a single person without logical reasoning – likely a wolf pack. Focus voting on core defenders.",
    "Abstain only if genuinely unsure, documenting reasons."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning: Investigate the connection and vote out the defender.",
    "IF a player’s voting pattern contradicts their stated reasoning: Suspect deception.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the Guard’s protection choices: Highly suspect a wolf.",
    "IF a player claims information but refuses to share: Consider them untrustworthy.",
    "IF a player is consistently targeted and receives a Save: Thoroughly investigate the Witch and the saved player.",
    "IF a player’s reasoning is consistently circular or relies on personal attacks: Suspect a wolf.",
    "IF a player avoids answering direct questions: Suspect deception. Press them for clarification.",
    "IF a player is overly eager to accuse others early in the game: Suspect a wolf attempting to sow discord."
  ]
}