{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Guard: *Always* protect the confirmed Seer. If no Seer is confirmed, protect the Witch. Prioritize Seer protection above all else.",
    "As Witch: SILENCE after using SAVE. SAVE only if the Seer is confirmed and demonstrably under threat. POISON only if the Seer confirms a Werewolf AND the Guard is eliminated/unavailable. Never poison a cleared Villager.",
    "As Seer: Investigate the player exhibiting the most unusual behavior (abstention, aggressive accusations without data). Prioritize uninvestigated players. State 'Not a Wolf' results immediately and clearly."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately flag players who abstain from role claims as highly suspicious.",
    "Prioritize identifying 'Silent Observers' (abstaining players) - two consecutive abstentions warrant immediate scrutiny and a demand for a role claim.",
    "IF the Seer confirms a player 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor' and aggressively defend them. Prioritize Seer’s safety.",
    "IF a player attacks the Seer or a Trust Anchor, flag them as highly suspect and redirect discussion back to power role claims.",
    "Ignore requests to investigate specific players unless the Seer has confirmed their innocence. Redirect back to power role claims.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Challenge subsequent claims with specific questions about investigation results. Focus on verifiable data.",
    "Treat abstention as concealment. Directly question motives and force commitment.",
    "AVOID debating tone or methodology; focus on verifiable data and inconsistent voting patterns.",
    "Identify and isolate Wolf packs – players rapidly validating each other without verifiable Seer data.",
    "If a player votes 'None' consecutively, question their motives and scrutinize their behavior closely."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote ONLY if there’s concrete evidence of Wolf behavior OR a demonstrably flawed claim contradicting Seer data.",
    "Prioritize voting out Silent Observers and players attempting to discredit the Seer or Trust Anchors.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard unless there’s irrefutable evidence.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?'",
    "If a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend them using Seer data.",
    "Target players who abstain from voting, especially if the discussion is focused on power role claims.'"
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: Provide direct, concise investigation results. Do not reveal all information. Be authoritative and dismiss skepticism aggressively. Focus on identifying and exposing inconsistencies.",
    "As Guard: Coordinate with the Witch (if available). *Always* protect the Seer.",
    "As Witch: After using SAVE, cease providing information. Prioritize the Seer’s safety. *NEVER* poison a cleared Villager. Prioritize SAVE for confirmed Seer under threat."
  ]
}