{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Guard Protection: Absolute priority is the Seer. If Seer is unavailable, protect the player most actively defending the Seer’s findings. NEVER protect anyone demanding verification or claiming neutrality.",
    "Witch Save: ONLY on confirmed non-wolves (Seer result). Prioritize confirmed Seers and Villagers actively defending the Seer. NEVER save self unless imminent wolf victory. ABSOLUTELY NEVER use the Save potion on a player cleared by the Seer unless there is definitive proof of a fake claim. If the Witch sees the wolf target, verify it aligns with Seer findings before saving.",
    "Witch Poison: ONLY when wolf identity is mathematically proven (contradiction, coordinated voting). Prioritize poisoning players repeatedly abstaining ('Silent Observers'). If multiple players consistently abstain, prioritize those who have not been directly implicated in suspicion."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediate Role Claim (Seer): If Seer, state 'I am the Seer' followed by binary result. Provide results immediately and repeat as necessary. Avoid defensiveness. State facts clearly and concisely.",
    "Seer Result Defense: If attacked, immediately reiterate Seer’s binary result. State: 'The Seer’s findings are factual. [Player Name] is attempting to sow discord.' Do not engage in reasoning or justification.",
    "Addressing 'Neutrality': Actively challenge players claiming 'observational' roles or advocating for premature decisions. Demand they commit to a vote. Prioritize voting out players consistently voting 'None'. Frame neutrality as a tactic to mask wolf identity.",
    "Multiple Seer Claims: Support the earliest clear result. Challenge contradictory claims *immediately* and forcefully. Avoid voting on competing claims.",
    "Responding to Accusations: State factual Seer result if applicable. Otherwise, abstain from defense, focusing on exposing wolf tactics and highlighting suspicious behavior. Do not engage in arguments about my role.",
    "Wolf Pivot Recognition: If players initially appear neutral then suddenly shift to attack the Seer, treat them as high-priority suspects.",
    "Prioritize Seer Defense: If a player aggressively attacks the Seer, immediately assume they are a wolf and focus all efforts on exposing them."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer Data: Base votes solely on demonstrable evidence (Seer results, coordinated wolf behavior).",
    "Seer Exile Protocol: Vote against players pushing for Seer’s exile. Treat as 'The Pack'. Aggressively defend the Seer.",
    "Silent Observer Prioritization: If linked to 'The Pack' or consistently voting 'None', prioritize voting out Silent Observers. Initiate pile-ons.",
    "Wolf Prioritization: Eliminate players with clear wolf evidence or links to 'The Pack'.",
    "Pile-on Counteraction: Vote *against* pile-ons targeting power roles unless definitive proof exists. Abstain only if absolutely uncertain.",
    "Observer Voting: If multiple players consistently vote 'None', target one of them. Do not allow 'neutrality' to stall the game.",
    "Trusted Core Voting: If a player has been cleared by the Seer, treat them as part of the 'Trusted Core' and defend them aggressively. Vote against anyone attacking the Trusted Core."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Justification Review: Analyze exiled players' justifications. Look for Agreement Traps and identify who benefited from the exile. Specifically, identify who *avoided* voting.",
    "Suspect Re-evaluation: Re-evaluate remaining suspects, prioritizing suspicious behavior or alignment with 'The Pack'.",
    "Seer Result Consistency: If Seer was exiled, consistently repeat their last confirmed result. Treat this as a truth anchor. Frame all discussion around this confirmed result."
  ]
}