{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting players demonstrating strong logical reasoning and consistently challenging assumptions, especially early game.",
    "If targeted by wolves, accept protection to observe their targeting patterns and identify potential allies. Scrutinize the protector's justification.",
    "Early game: If Save potion is available and a player is targeted, use it. Later, conserve for critical situations.",
    "If the Seer is alive and appears trustworthy, consider allowing them protection to gain information.",
    "If the Guard is alive, observe who they protect. Inconsistent or vague protection choices are suspicious."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Focus on identifying and exposing deflection. This is the primary indicator of wolf presence.",
    "IF accused: Frame the accusation as deflection, highlighting inconsistencies in the accuser's reasoning. Provide concise, logical counter-arguments.",
    "IF observing deflection: Explain *how* it undermines discussion with specific examples. Remain unemotional and logical.",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer: Demand verifiable methods, not assertions. Aggressively question claims and probe for inconsistencies.",
    "After a key player’s death: Scrutinize immediate reactions. Rapid shifting of blame is highly suspicious.",
    "Analyze voting patterns for coordinated support. Wolves often protect each other.",
    "Challenge unsubstantiated claims directly, requesting evidence. Prevent unfounded accusations.",
    "Pay close attention to unusually quiet players after accusations; probe their silence with targeted, logic-based questions.",
    "If a player consistently defends others without logical justification, suspect them."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on the strongest logical evidence, prioritizing demonstrable inconsistencies and deflection.",
    "Strong suspect: Vote decisively. If uncertain, prioritize exhibiting deflection or inconsistent behavior.",
    "No clear suspect: Vote for the most suspicious behavior (deflection, inconsistency, silence). Err on caution.",
    "IF accused of being a wolf: Highlight accuser inconsistencies, frame as deflection, and emphasize commitment to logical reasoning.",
    "Analyze who benefits from exile; wolves protect each other. Examine voting patterns for suspicious alliances.",
    "If a vote is tied and nearing the threshold, consider abstaining to avoid randomly empowering a wolf.",
    "If a player consistently defends others without providing logical justifications, consider them a suspect."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Assess the exile’s impact. Did it weaken a wolf group or inadvertently protect one?",
    "Re-evaluate suspicions based on new information. Adjust player assessments based on behavior and voting patterns.",
    "Pay close attention to silent or avoiding accusations after exile - potential complicity.",
    "Analyze the voting patterns of the eliminated player; identify potential wolf alliances and note consistent supporters.",
    "Assess if deflection tactics persist; adapt questioning strategies accordingly. Prioritize isolating the primary deflector."
  ]
}