{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize SAVE if a confirmed villager (Seer/Witch intel) is targeted. This remains paramount.', 'If target is unknown and Save is unavailable, prioritize POISON on players exhibiting immediate, aggressive, and *unsupported* accusations following an elimination – a key deflection tactic. Focus on those creating immediate division.', 'Avoid predictable patterns; alternate between SAVE and POISON targets to maintain ambiguity, unless a clear villager is in danger.', 'If wolves aggressively target a defender, prioritize SAVE unless the defender’s reasoning is demonstrably false or manipulative. Be mindful of wolves using defenders as shields.', 'IF both wolves are targeting the same player, prioritize saving that player, regardless of alignment. Wolves often coordinate targets; this is a high-probability scenario.', 'Be extremely cautious about using Save if the targeted player has been consistently deflecting or attempting to control the narrative. Wolves may bait the Witch.', 'IF I suspect a false Seer, and Save is available, use it to protect a targeted player and observe the false Seer’s reaction. Their response will be revealing.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Early Game: Observe accusations and defenses. Identify players with immediate, unfounded accusations or overly zealous defenses. Focus on identifying patterns of deflection and control of the narrative. Note any instances of immediate wolf accusations post-elimination.', "Mid-Game: Challenge circular reasoning and logical fallacies. Directly question the 'why' behind accusations. Demand specific reasoning from Guards. Probe for inconsistencies in Guard explanations.", "IF multiple people claim Seer: Directly challenge their claims to force contradictions. Highlight past inaccuracies and inconsistencies in their 'results'. Demand proof. Focus on exposing illogical reasoning.", 'IF Guard claims protection: Demand *specific* reasoning for protection choices. Vague explanations are highly suspicious. Probe for inconsistencies.', "IF Accused: Defend logically, pointing out flaws in accusers' arguments. Redirect suspicion to those exhibiting manipulative behavior. Avoid emotional responses. Highlight inconsistencies in accusers' reasoning. Frame my defense in terms of logical fallacies used against me.", 'IF Wolves are Obvious: Publicly accuse with clear, specific examples of deceptive behavior. Focus on patterns of deflection and coordinated voting. Frame accusations in terms of logical fallacies. Prioritize exposing coordinated voting patterns.', 'Watch for players labeling victims as wolves *immediately* after elimination – a deflection tactic. Highlight this behavior. Call it out directly.', 'When questioned about my Seer results, remain deliberately vague. Avoid confirming or denying suspicions directly, instead prompting others to explain their reasoning. Focus on prompting others to reveal their reasoning.', 'Actively seek to identify players who consistently echo each other’s arguments without providing independent reasoning; these are likely wolves.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Early Game: Strategically eliminate obvious threats or disrupt potential wolf alliances, even if it means voting for a villager to gather information. Adapt based on initial observations.', 'Mid-Game: Prioritize suspected werewolves based on discussion and information, focusing on deflections and coordinated voting. Look for patterns of support.', 'Late Game: Decisive elimination of remaining wolves, even at personal risk. Trust your instincts and prior observations.', 'Avoid being the sole voter; align votes to build consensus and avoid suspicion. Seek corroboration before acting alone. If a consensus exists, join it, even if uncertain.', 'IF a tie is likely and the exile is a suspected werewolf, vote randomly to break the tie.', 'IF voting alone, ensure reasoning is exceptionally clear and logically sound; anticipate and address potential counter-arguments. Be prepared to defend my reasoning. Clearly articulate the logical flaws in the target’s behavior.', 'IF a player consistently defends another without offering independent reasoning, consider them a potential wolf supporter and vote accordingly.', 'IF multiple players are aggressively pushing for a single exile without strong evidence, vote against that exile to disrupt the coordinated effort.', 'Prioritize disrupting coordinated voting patterns, even if it means voting for a villager to sow discord among the wolves.'], 'General Strategy': ['Maintain a consistent, logical approach to reasoning and accusations. Avoid emotional responses.', "Pay close attention to coordinated voting or defense patterns – key indicators of wolf activity. Identify 'echo chambers' of support. Look for players who consistently back each other, regardless of evidence.", "Be wary of players who aggressively defend others without offering independent reasoning. Probe their motives. Specifically, ask 'Why?' repeatedly.", 'Document observations about player behavior to identify patterns and inconsistencies. Keep mental notes of who defends whom and why.', 'If pressured to vote quickly, request clarification or a brief pause. Buying time allows for better assessment.', "Recognize that 'performative caution' (e.g., immediately scrutinizing others) is often a deflection tactic employed by wolves."]}