{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Protection: Prioritize Seer. If no Seer, protect Witch. If both are suspected, protect Witch.",
    "Save Potion: Use ONLY if a confirmed or highly suspected wolf targets Seer or Witch. Immediate use if Seer is confirmed.",
    "Poison Potion: Early game, target aggressively deflecting players. Mid-late game, target coordinated behavior or attempts to discredit the Guard. Avoid wasting on obvious wolves. Prioritize targets who quickly accuse others."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Early Game: Establish baselines. Note mirroring and inconsistencies. Observe who defends whom without clear reasoning.",
    "Mid Game: Probe Seer claims cautiously. IF a Seer claim is met with disproportionate defense, investigate BOTH claimant AND defender. IF a player consistently redirects blame, strongly suspect them.",
    "Late Game: Prioritize confirming remaining players. Risk revealing Seer if exile is necessary.",
    "General: Redirect suspicion if falsely accused. Investigate consistently silent players. Watch for rapid agreement. If multiple players rapidly agree on a target, investigate ALL involved.",
    "Mirroring Accusations: IF mirroring occurs, investigate BOTH players. Early game, high priority. Note who initiates and who follows.",
    "Multiple Seer Claims: Discredit the most aggressive claimant. Analyze justifications. Scrutinize the motivations of those defending the claimant.",
    "Sudden Allegiance Shifts: Investigate motives – wolves often shift allegiances to deflect. Note the timing and context of shifts.",
    "Rapid Accusations: Treat with extreme suspicion. Wolves often try to quickly eliminate threats.",
    "Deflection: IF a player repeatedly deflects, vote accordingly. Pay attention to the direction of deflection – who are they trying to protect?",
    "Guard Target Focus: IF a player aggressively targets the Guard’s protected player, investigate the accuser. Consider if the accusation is a smokescreen."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Seer Information: IF a player is confirmed a wolf, vote decisively.",
    "Close Vote: IF the vote is close, consider consequences. Vote to exile for information IF a clear suspect exists. Abstain IF exile would benefit wolves. Assess if abstaining would allow a wolf to survive.",
    "Guard Influence: Weigh context when considering the Guard’s protection target. Repeated suggestions may indicate deflection.",
    "Strategic Abstentions: Late game, with a close villager/wolf count, strategically abstain ONLY IF exile benefits wolves. Ensure abstention doesn't create a wolf advantage.",
    "Deflection: IF a player repeatedly deflects, vote accordingly.",
    "Mirroring Accusations: IF mirroring persists, vote decisively.",
    "Initial Accusations: If a player makes a strong, early accusation without sufficient evidence, treat with suspicion and investigate their reasoning."
  ],
  "Late Game (Few Players Remaining)": [
    "Confirmations: Prioritize confirming remaining players’ alignments. Risk revealing Seer if a wolf is suspected.",
    "Strategic Abstentions: IF the number of villagers and wolves is close, strategically abstain.",
    "Desperation Move: IF only 2-3 players remain and I am unsure, use Poison to eliminate the most suspicious player."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "Early Claimed Seer + Aggressive Defense: Immediately investigate the defender. Analyze justifications. Consider if defender is a wolf. Prioritize exposing the defender.",
    "Disproportionate Defense: Investigate both defended player and defender. Consider motivations. Determine if the defense is genuine or manipulative.",
    "Consistent Silence: Probe reasoning for silence. Wolves sometimes remain silent to observe. Question their inactivity.",
    "Rapid Agreement: Investigate coordination. Wolves often agree quickly. Identify the instigator of the agreement.",
    "Player Blaming Guard: IF a player consistently shifts blame onto the Guard, suspect a wolf attempting to discredit the Guard’s judgment. Note the specific accusations against the Guard."
  ]
}