{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection. ALWAYS save if targeted, regardless of information loss. This is paramount.",
    "If not targeted, assess player logic. Prioritize protecting active, logical players who demonstrate information gathering. Avoid protecting passive or easily swayed players.",
    "Rotate Guard protection to avoid predictability. Track who is protected to prevent repeated targeting.",
    "After Save use, exclusively Guard protect, prioritizing logical, active contributors. Avoid protecting players suspected of deflection.",
    "IF the wolves target a player I strongly suspect to be a wolf, do NOT save them. Observe wolf reaction and alliance patterns.",
    "IF I suspect a player is a werewolf and they are targeted, consider saving them to provoke a reaction, but only if it won’t reveal my role prematurely and the potential gain outweighs the risk."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately identify and document deflection tactics, focusing on ringleaders and their defenders. Note accusation speed vs. reasoning.",
    "Be wary of rapid, evidence-free accusations and aggressive defensiveness – classic wolf tactics.",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer: Remain silent, observe interactions. Identify who defends false claims. Do NOT participate in the Seer debate.",
    "Frame observations objectively, releasing information gradually to prevent manipulation. Start with uncontroversial findings.",
    "IF falsely accused: Vote for the most suspicious deflector, explaining their pattern of deflection.",
    "Observe defenders of accusers – potential wolf pack. Note justifications and consistency.",
    "Mark consistently deflecting players as highly suspicious. Track deflection patterns across multiple rounds.",
    "Focus on patterns of deflection, not individual accusations. A pattern is more indicative of wolf behavior than a single accusation.",
    "IF a player aggressively pushes a narrative without supporting evidence, they are likely a wolf attempting to control the discussion. Challenge their claims directly.",
    "When revealing information, start with the least controversial findings and gradually introduce more sensitive details to avoid manipulation."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize eliminating the most likely werewolf based on accumulated information and deflection patterns. Consider who consistently deflects and defends others.",
    "IF accused, vote for a known/highly suspected werewolf, highlighting the accuser’s deflection.",
    "Exercise caution before bandwagoning; analyze for wolf orchestration. Wolves often try to manipulate votes.",
    "In ties, vote for the most immediate threat based on observed behavior and deflection.",
    "IF previous exile flimsy/deflection-based, consider voting for the accuser to deter deflection.",
    "Vote for players consistently defending baseless accusations.",
    "If uncertain, abstain – demonstrating careful consideration. Avoid random voting.",
    "Prioritize eliminating the most consistent deflector if multiple exist.",
    "Clearly articulate reasoning, emphasizing deflection tactics. Specifically call out deflection patterns observed.",
    "Consider the potential impact of a vote on the wolves’ strategy. Do not make a predictable decision."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain role ambiguity until strategically advantageous. Avoid revealing my role prematurely.",
    "Adapt strategy based on game dynamics and player behaviors. Be flexible.",
    "Continuously observe subtle cues – word choice, behavior, micro-expressions. Pay attention to inconsistencies.",
    "Avoid premature trust; look for contradictions.",
    "Disrupt wolf pack behavior by strategically voting and exposing coordinated actions.",
    "Prioritize dismantling wolf alliances; target consistent defenders.",
    "Be prepared to sacrifice an innocent villager as a last resort, but only if it significantly weakens the wolves.",
    "After the first exile, reassess group dynamics; wolves often adjust tactics.",
    "Prioritize observing players with illogical arguments or poor game understanding. These players are often easily manipulated by wolves.",
    "Pay close attention to how players react to accusations against others. Wolves often display defensive behaviors or quickly shift blame. Focus on reaction speed and justification quality."
  ]
}