{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection. If the Seer is targeted, use Save regardless of other factors.",
    "If no Seer, prioritize Guard protection. A skilled Guard is vital for defense.",
    "If no Seer or Guard, protect the player demonstrating the strongest logical reasoning and information gathering skills. Observe their questions and analysis.",
    "If all above are unavailable, preemptively save a player exhibiting consistent, probing questioning – they likely pose a threat to the wolves."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Initial Round: Observe player interactions for alliances and communication patterns. Note who consistently supports whom.",
    "Multiple Seer Claims: Immediately probe for investigation methodology. Demand specifics; vague claims are suspect.",
    "Accusation Without Reasoning: Demand a logical chain of thought. Note deflection or aggressive redirection. Challenge them directly.",
    "Defensive Without Contributing: Consider them an accomplice. Analyze coordinated defenses. Question their lack of engagement.",
    "Power Role Claims: Immediately question unsubstantiated claims. Demand verifiable evidence. Scrutinize their explanations.",
    "Rapid Accusations After Questioning: Flag as a deflection tactic. Watch for shifting blame. Redirect the focus back to the accuser.",
    "Seer Eliminated: Prioritize observing logical consistency and coordinated defenses. Identify evasive or unusually quiet players. Look for coordinated defenses.",
    "Player Accused: Assess accuser’s reasoning and accused's response. Quick, aggressive defenses without logic are highly suspicious. Analyze the tone and content.",
    "Recognize Mirroring: If two players consistently echo each other's accusations or defenses, suspect a coordinated wolf strategy. Challenge their claims directly and expose the connection.",
    "If a player consistently redirects blame without providing evidence, they are highly suspect. Focus questioning on their motives."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Confirmed Wolf: Vote immediately and decisively.",
    "No Clear Suspect: Vote for the most disruptive player hindering information gathering. Prioritize those who deflect or sow confusion.",
    "Multiple Suspects: Analyze alliances. Disrupt wolf plans by exposing connections. Target those with the strongest mutual defense.",
    "Suspecting a Wolf Without Proof: Disrupt their plans; calculated risks are acceptable to reveal alliances. A strategic vote can expose a coordinated effort.",
    "Defense Based on Attacking Others: Vote them out. This is a deflection tactic.",
    "Convenient Power Role Claim: Vote them out. This is often a desperate attempt to gain sympathy.",
    "Consistent Mutual Defense: Vote one out to break the alliance. This is a key indicator of coordinated play.",
    "Avoid Bandwagoning: Assess the reasoning behind the vote. Do not blindly follow the crowd.",
    "Tie Vote Nearing Exile: Analyze the defenders; this can expose wolf alliances. Focus on who is protecting whom."
  ],
  "Post-Elimination Analysis": [
    "Analyze eliminated player's behavior: defensiveness, evasiveness, aggression, reasoning consistency. Note any patterns of deception.",
    "Assess elimination's impact: Did it benefit wolves? A wolf elimination should shift the balance. A villager elimination should expose the wolves’ strategy.",
    "Adjust strategy based on new information and the evolving balance. Adapt to the changing dynamics of the game.",
    "Note remaining players’ reactions: Suspicious behavior, unusual relief, or disappointment. Analyze their responses to the elimination.",
    "If Seer Eliminated: Intensify observation of logical consistency and coordinated defenses. The absence of the Seer makes observation even more critical."
  ]
}