{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting the Seer. If the Seer is unavailable or suspect, protect the player receiving the most logical accusations during the previous day’s discussion. If no clear accusations, protect the player with the most consistent voting pattern.",
    "If targeted by wolves, prioritize protecting myself unless I have overwhelming evidence suggesting I am a wolf. Recognize that protecting myself can be a calculated deflection.",
    "Continuously evaluate the trustworthiness of the Witch based on Save/Poison explanations and behavior."]
,
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately summarize night events, emphasizing the target and protection rationale. Be concise.",
    "IF a player claims Seer: Demand verifiable results – specific past investigations and their outcomes. Cross-reference claims with voting patterns. Vote out inconsistent claimants *immediately*.",
    "IF a Save occurs: Demand a detailed explanation from the Witch. A vague or evasive explanation warrants immediate scrutiny and potential Seer investigation.",
    "Aggressively call out deflection and track who defends whom and why. Note if defenses lack logical reasoning.",
    "IF multiple players align without clear reasoning: Suspect a wolf pack. Prioritize Seer investigation on the aligned group.",
    "IF a player consistently echoes another’s accusations without independent reasoning: Suspect coordination. Investigate their relationship and voting patterns.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the discussion: Observe their reasoning and vote against illogical suggestions. Be wary of those who frame arguments as 'obvious'.",
    "IF a player offers a defense without reasoning or evidence: Prioritize Seer investigation.",
    "Be wary of immediate blame-shifting after a night event; it’s a common deflection tactic. Note who shifts blame and why. Prioritize investigation of those who shift blame.",
    "IF a player’s initial accusations are easily disproven and they immediately pivot to another target, they are highly suspect.",
    "IF a player consistently frames accusations as 'logical' or 'obvious': Suspect a wolf attempting to manipulate the group. Question their reasoning rigorously." ],

  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on observed behavior and reasoning, *not* solely on claims.",
    "Support consensus *only* if the reasoning is sound and logically consistent. Question unsupported consensus.",
    "Prioritize voting out players exhibiting repeated deflection, especially when defended by others.",
    "IF a Save occurred, prioritize voting out the saved player *if* they fail to provide a credible explanation. If they provide a credible explanation, investigate the accusers of the saved player.",
    "Scrutinize groups strongly defending a single person without logical reasoning.",
    "Prioritize the most consistent deflector among multiple suspects.",
    "Abstain only if genuinely unsure, documenting reasons. Avoid random votes.",
    "IF multiple players are actively defending a single suspect, investigate their relationship and voting patterns. Prioritize Seer investigation on the defenders."]
,
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning: Investigate the connection and vote out the defender.",
    "IF a player’s voting pattern contradicts their stated reasoning: Suspect deception. Re-evaluate credibility.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the Guard’s protection choices: Suspect a wolf. Prioritize Seer investigation.",
    "IF a player claims information but refuses to share: Consider them untrustworthy. Investigate them immediately.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer: Demand specific, verifiable results and cross-reference. Vote out inconsistent claimants immediately.",
    "IF a player acts overly eager to declare someone innocent without evidence: Highly suspicious; likely a wolf.",
    "IF the discussion becomes circular and unproductive, call for a vote to break the stalemate and gather information.",
    "IF a player is consistently targeted but receives a save: Thoroughly investigate the Witch and the player being saved. This may indicate a coordinated effort."]
}