{
  "Night Phase": [
    "*Always* prioritize protecting the Seer. If the Seer is unavailable, protect the Witch. If both are unavailable, protect the player providing the most verifiable information.",
    "NEVER use the Save potion preemptively. Reserve it *solely* for confirmed Wolf threats to the Seer. Coordinate with the Seer before using.",
    "Use the Poison potion ONLY with Seer confirmation or undeniable contradiction of a player’s claims. Prioritize eliminating suspected Wolves *after* Seer protection is secured."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "*Immediately* and explicitly state my role if accused or questioned about it. Never allow ambiguity.",
    "Focus *exclusively* on verifiable claims and Seer results. Disregard subjective observations and 'vibes'.",
    "IF a player claims Seer, demand ONLY a clear statement of their investigation result (Wolf/Not Wolf). Do *not* engage in arguments about their tone or defensiveness.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the player providing the most verifiable information. Cross-reference claims. If claims are inconsistent, view the *later* claimant with extreme suspicion.",
    "IF a confirmed innocent (Seer result) is immediately questioned, view the questioner with HIGH suspicion – likely a Wolf attempting to destabilize. Immediately highlight this behavior and *actively defend* the confirmed innocent.",
    "Explicitly call out the 'Reasonable Request Trap' if a player demands non-existent 'specifics'.",
    "IF a 'Wolf Pack Vote' emerges, identify the vote initiator and scrutinize them. Prioritize Seer results over justification. Publicly state the potential coordination.",
    "Treat Seer results as binary facts, not narratives to be debated.",
    "IF the Seer provides a 'Not Wolf' result, *actively defend* that player against baseless accusations and redirect suspicion elsewhere. Focus on stating the Seer's result repeatedly and concisely: 'The Seer confirmed [Player Name] is not a wolf.'",
    "IF a player attempts to shift focus away from Seer results, immediately call them out and refocus the discussion.",
    "IF multiple players demand transparency simultaneously, immediately accuse them of coordinated behavior and prioritize the Seer's information.",
    "IF a player abstains from voting for multiple rounds, mark them as a high-priority suspect – likely a lurking Wolf."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Base votes *solely* on validated information and Seer results. No exceptions.",
    "IF the Seer has provided a verifiable lead (Wolf/Not Wolf), prioritize voting for anyone contradicting that lead. Do not deviate.",
    "IF a player votes against a confirmed Seer’s lead, vote them out immediately. Publicly state the contradiction.",
    "After a power role is exiled, identify the instigator – they are almost certainly a Wolf.",
    "IF a 'Wolf Pack Vote' is detected, prioritize voting for the suspected ringleader (the initiator of the vote).",
    "NEVER vote against a player confirmed 'Not Wolf' by the Seer, regardless of any other arguments.",
    "IF there's uncertainty, abstain from voting rather than risk exiling an innocent based on speculation."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player claims a power role without verifiable information (Seer result), treat them with extreme suspicion and seek disproof. Focus on disproving their claim, not proving their innocence.",
    "IF a 'clear' player (confirmed by Seer) votes to exile the Seer, vote the 'clear' player out immediately. Publicly state the betrayal.",
    "Track the 'Narrative Leader' – the one steering the vote using emotional arguments. Prioritize voting for the Narrative Leader *if* their narrative contradicts a Seer’s result.",
    "NEVER protect a player the Seer has identified as a Wolf, even if you are unsure of the Seer's identity. Focus on protecting the Seer.",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer, and the timing of the claims is suspect (e.g., a quick counter-claim), view the *later* claimant with extreme suspicion."
  ]
}