{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Guard: Protect the confirmed Seer *always*, unless they are dead. If no Seer is confirmed, protect the Witch. NEVER deviate from this.",
    "As Witch: SAVE only if the Seer is confirmed and demonstrably under threat. POISON only if the Seer confirms a Werewolf AND the Guard is eliminated/unavailable. NEVER poison a role-claimant without absolute proof of a lie. Cease all information sharing after using SAVE.",
    "As Seer: Investigate the most vocal/suspicious player first. Immediately and clearly state 'Not a Wolf' results. Prioritize targets uninvestigated."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately demand power role claims from all players. Frame refusal as highly suspicious.",
    "IF the Seer confirms a player 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor' and demand unwavering defense. Aggressively defend Trust Anchors. Prioritize Seer's defense above all else.",
    "IF a player attacks the Seer or a Trust Anchor, flag them as highly suspect and redirect to power role claims. This is a top priority.",
    "Aggressively target 'Silent Observers' (abstaining players). Two consecutive rounds of abstention warrant immediate suspicion and a demand for a role claim. Force commitment.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Challenge subsequent claims with specific questions about investigation results, focusing on verifiable data. Do not engage in reciprocal accusations.",
    "IGNORE requests to investigate specific players unless the Seer has confirmed their innocence. Redirect back to power role claims.",
    "IF a player questions the Seer’s legitimacy despite clear 'Not a Wolf' results, assume they are a Wolf and redirect to power role claims.",
    "IF players rapidly validate each other without verifiable Seer data, treat them as a Wolf pack and demand verifiable evidence. Focus on exposing inconsistencies.",
    "Focus discussion on forcing commitment – demand votes and expose those who abstain.",
    "Treat abstention as highly suspicious. Directly question motives.",
    "When players claim they need 'more data', demand a hard claim or vote to expose stalling."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote ONLY if there’s concrete evidence of Wolf behavior OR a demonstrably flawed claim contradicting Seer data. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "Prioritize voting out Silent Observers and players attempting to discredit the Seer or Trust Anchors. Treat abstention as suspicious.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard unless there’s irrefutable evidence. Protect them at all costs.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?'",
    "IF a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend them using Seer data and expose the attacker's motives.",
    "Target players who abstain from voting, especially if the discussion is focused on power role claims. Force commitment."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: Provide direct investigation results. Do not reveal all information. Be authoritative and dismiss skepticism aggressively. Guide the village towards logical conclusions, don’t attack skeptics.",
    "As Guard: Coordinate with the Witch (if available). Protect the Seer.",
    "As Witch: After using SAVE, cease providing information about the wolf target. Prioritize the Seer’s safety above all else. Prioritize saving the Seer over any other player."
  ]
}