{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize SAVE if a confirmed Villager (Seer/Witch intel) is targeted. This remains paramount.', 'If target is unknown and no Seer/Guard information available, prioritize POISON on players exhibiting immediate, aggressive, and unsupported accusations after an elimination. This is a key deflection indicator.', 'IF the Witch sees the wolf target (Save potion available), prioritize POISON on players exhibiting coordinated behavior or attempting to control the narrative.', 'Be extremely cautious about using Save if the targeted player consistently deflects or attempts to control the narrative. Observe their reaction after a Save; high suspicion warrants allowing elimination to gather information.', 'IF both wolves are targeting the same player, prioritize saving that player.', 'If Save potion is used, the next night prioritize POISON on players who were strongly defending the saved player.', 'IF the Guard protects a player who was aggressively defending someone, strongly suspect the Guard is a wolf.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Early Game: Observe accusations and defenses. Note immediate wolf accusations post-elimination; these are often deflection tactics. Maintain neutrality.', "Mid-Game: Challenge circular reasoning directly. Demand specific reasoning from Guards; vague explanations are suspicious. Probe for inconsistencies in claims.  If a player's arguments consistently shift or contradict, escalate suspicion.", 'IF multiple people claim Seer: Directly challenge their claims to force contradictions. Demand proof; specifics of investigations. Be prepared for deflection; ask probing follow-up questions. Prioritize exposing inconsistencies. If a Seer’s claim is contradicted, vote them out immediately.', 'IF Guard claims protection: Demand reasoning. Probe for inconsistencies. Cross-reference with observed behavior and any subsequent accusations. A weak or inconsistent explanation raises suspicion.', "IF Accused: Defend logically, pointing out flaws in accusations and redirecting suspicion to manipulative behavior. Avoid emotional arguments. Focus on exposing inconsistencies in the accuser's reasoning.", 'Watch for players labeling victims as wolves immediately after elimination – a deflection. Explicitly call it out.', "Actively seek players echoing arguments without independent reasoning; ask 'Why do you agree?'", "Pay close attention to coordinated voting/defense patterns; identify 'echo chambers'. Challenge blindly following.", 'IF a player attempts to control the narrative or dismisses viewpoints, increase suspicion. Ask leading questions designed to expose inconsistencies.', 'Immediately question anyone who quickly and strongly accuses another player without offering substantial reasoning. These are likely deflection tactics.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Early Game: Strategically eliminate obvious threats or disrupt potential alliances. Prioritize deflection tactics and players exhibiting manipulative behavior.', 'Mid-Game: Prioritize suspected werewolves based on discussion and information, focusing on deflections and coordinated voting. Consider the impact of exile on information flow.', 'Late Game: Decisive elimination of remaining wolves, even at personal risk. Ensure votes are aligned and explain reasoning clearly.', 'Avoid being the sole voter; align votes to build consensus. If alone, ensure reasoning is exceptionally clear and logically sound.', 'IF a tie is likely and exile is a suspected werewolf, vote randomly to maximize the chance of eliminating a wolf.', 'Prioritize disrupting coordinated voting patterns. Identify and break up echo chambers. Explicitly call out coordinated voting.', 'IF a player consistently manipulates the vote, prioritize elimination, even if their wolf status is uncertain.', 'When uncertain, vote to disrupt the most vocal or aggressive accuser.', 'IF a player consistently defends others without providing logical reasoning, vote against them.'], 'General Strategy': ['Maintain a consistent, logical approach to reasoning and accusations.', 'Be wary of players who aggressively defend others without reasoning. This is a common deflection tactic.', 'Document observations about player behavior to identify patterns and potential alliances.', 'If pressured to vote quickly, request clarification and time to assess the situation.', "Recognize 'performative caution' as a deflection – overly cautious statements without substance.", 'Adopt a neutral stance early on to observe dynamics and identify key players.', 'Be prepared to shift alliances based on new information and changing circumstances.', 'Prioritize identifying and disrupting coordinated deception efforts above all else. Consider information denial as a key wolf strategy.']}