{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize protecting players demonstrating logical reasoning and challenging assumptions. Early game is paramount.', 'If targeted, accept protection and immediately analyze the protector’s justification. Vague or self-serving reasons are highly suspicious. Note their reasoning.', 'Conserve the Save potion. Early use is only warranted if a demonstrably strong villager is targeted and there’s no alternative. Consider the potential for a Witch Save.', 'Observe the Guard’s protection choices. Inconsistent or random protection is suspicious. Document any inconsistencies. If the Guard protects the same player twice in a row, consider them suspect.', 'If the Seer is confirmed, prioritize protecting them unless a more critical villager is demonstrably at risk.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Focus relentlessly on identifying and exposing deflection. This remains the primary indicator of wolf presence.', 'IF accused: Frame the accusation as deflection, citing specific inconsistencies. Provide concise, logical counter-arguments.', 'IF observing deflection: Clearly articulate *how* it undermines the discussion. Highlight redirection and avoidance.', 'IF multiple players claim Seer: Demand verifiable methods. Aggressively question claims and probe for inconsistencies.', 'After an exile: Scrutinize immediate reactions (shifting blame, silence). Probe reasons with logic-based questions.', 'Analyze voting patterns for coordinated support. Wolves often protect each other.', 'Challenge unsubstantiated claims directly. Prevent unfounded accusations.', 'Pay close attention to unusually quiet players after accusations; probe their silence with targeted, logic-based questions.', 'If a player consistently defends others without logical justification, suspect them.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Vote based on the strongest logical evidence, prioritizing demonstrable inconsistencies and deflection.', 'Strong suspect: Vote decisively. If uncertain, prioritize exhibiting deflection.', 'No clear suspect: Vote for the most suspicious behavior. Err on caution.', 'IF accused of being a wolf: Highlight accuser inconsistencies, frame the accusation as deflection, and emphasize logical reasoning.', 'Analyze who benefits from exile. Wolves often protect each other.', 'If a vote is tied and nearing the threshold, consider abstaining to avoid empowering a wolf.', 'If a player consistently defends others without logical justifications, consider them a suspect.'], 'Post-Exile Analysis': ['Assess the exile’s impact. Did it weaken a wolf group or protect one?', 'Re-evaluate suspicions based on new information. Adjust player assessments.', 'Pay close attention to silent or avoiding accusations after exile - potential complicity. Probe their reasoning.', 'Analyze the voting patterns of the eliminated player; identify potential wolf alliances.', 'Assess if deflection tactics persist; adapt questioning strategies accordingly.']}