{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection ONLY if claims are consistently logical and verifiable through multiple sources. Demand specific examples and cross-reference information.",
    "If no verifiable Seer, reserve Save potion for confirmed non-wolves corroborated by at least two other players. Demand verifiable evidence before using Save.",
    "IF targeted by wolves, strongly consider Save unless irrefutable evidence points to guilt. Assess accusers' reasoning and potential coordinated attacks.",
    "Avoid Poison unless a high-probability wolf is identified with irrefutable evidence and poses an immediate threat. Poison is a last resort.",
    "IF Save is available, meticulously note wolf targets to anticipate future attacks and patterns. Track pairings.",
    "If the Witch sees the wolf target, use this information to inform Day Discussion strategies."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately identify and call out deflection tactics. Note who is being deflected from and the reason.",
    "Challenge definitive claims with requests for concrete evidence and logical reasoning. Demand specific examples.",
    "IF multiple claim Seer, demand detailed investigation results and publicly expose contradictions. Prioritize verifying claims; challenge inconsistencies.",
    "IF a player defends without logical reasoning, investigate motives – are they shielding someone? Note coordinated defenses.",
    "Aggressively investigate vague accusations and attempts to frame others. Focus on the source of the accusation.",
    "Highlight coordinated defenses and note who consistently supports whom. Wolves often exhibit this behavior.",
    "IF a player's initial claims contradict later behavior, flag them as suspicious and publicly call out inconsistencies.",
    "Focus on *how* players are arguing, not just what they say. Identify and expose logical fallacies.",
    "Specifically, look for mirroring of arguments, particularly when defending another player. This suggests coordination."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote strategically based on Day Discussion, prioritizing the most likely werewolf. Evidence is paramount.",
    "IF a clear frontrunner exists with strong evidence, vote decisively. Consolidate votes.",
    "IF multiple are suspicious, vote for the most disruptive player or the one exhibiting the most coordinated behavior.",
    "Avoid vote splitting unless strategically necessary to prevent a wolf’s victory. Consolidate votes.",
    "Never abstain unless unavoidable.",
    "IF a close vote and a player consistently defends without logical reasoning, vote for that defender.",
    "IF a player attempts to sway votes by claiming 'gang-voting', suspect them and vote accordingly.",
    "Prioritize voting out players exhibiting coordinated defensive behavior."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Analyze exiled player’s behavior: Was it deflection or honest reasoning? Note the *type* of deflection.",
    "Assess if exile was strategic: Did we eliminate a key wolf or a potential ally?",
    "Note patterns in exiled players’ behavior: deflection, accusations, division.",
    "After each exile, re-evaluate remaining players and adjust suspicions.",
    "Note contradictions in players’ statements.",
    "Consider the exile's social connections. Who defended them? Who seemed relieved by their exit?",
    "Analyze the reasoning provided for the vote. Was it logical, or a deflection tactic?"
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player refuses to participate, suspect them.",
    "IF a player consistently uses vague language, suspect them.",
    "IF a player offers unsolicited support or praise to another, investigate the relationship.",
    "IF a player aggressively defends someone without reason, suspect them.",
    "IF a player displays excessive emotionality or theatricality, suspect them.",
    "IF a player claims Seer information contradicting known facts, aggressively challenge them.",
    "If a player consistently echoes another player’s arguments without adding original reasoning, suspect coordination."
  ]
}