{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Protection Priority: 1. Confirmed Seer. 2. Player demonstrably targeted by Wolves (highest priority, especially early). 3. Myself (if no Seer or targeted player).",
    "Potion Use - Round 1: IF Seer confirmed, SAVE the Seer. Otherwise, POISON the player making the most aggressive, unfounded accusations AND attempting to control the narrative. Analyze initial accusations for deflection. Prioritize targets attempting to discredit others without substantiation.  Specifically, watch for reflexive defenses.",
    "Potion Use - Round 2+: IF Seer confirmed, consistently SAVE the Seer. Otherwise, prioritize poisoning key members of suspected wolf packs coordinating attacks, especially those spreading misinformation or disrupting discussion. Prioritize the one most aggressively defending another without clear reasoning. If multiple defend, poison the most vocal AND most insistent on deflecting blame.",
    "Early Game: Prioritize observation and pattern recognition. Delay potion use unless a clear and immediate threat emerges.",
    "IF Save potion is used, immediately re-prioritize observation and focus on identifying wolf communication patterns and subtle shifts in alliances."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Initial Observation: Remain silent for at least 30% of the discussion, observing alliances and defensive patterns without contributing.",
    "Seer Claim Evaluation: Demand concrete justifications and cross-reference claims. IF inconsistencies or evasiveness detected, increase suspicion. Probe motivations for claiming Seer. Scrutinize claims if they emerge early.",
    "Accusation Analysis: Note coordinated defenses – HIGHLY suspicious. Prioritize observing who consistently defends another without reasoning. Consider speed and intensity of defenses. Look for patterns of deflection.",
    "Defensiveness Detection: Track players avoiding direct answers or shifting blame. Assess the quality of arguments, not just their volume.",
    "Witch Claim Skepticism: Treat Witch claims with extreme skepticism. Request evidence supporting claims. Demand specific details about the target IF a Witch claims to have saved someone.",
    "Early Game: Focus on gathering information and identifying patterns. Avoid premature accusations. Let wolves reveal themselves. Note who is quick to accuse others without providing reasoning.",
    "Mid-Game: IF a Seer emerges, cautiously follow their lead, but independently verify information. Corroborate Seer information with observed player behavior.",
    "IF multiple players aggressively defend a single person without clear reasoning, immediately suspect a coordinated wolf strategy.  Pay close attention to how they react to questions about their reasoning."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Evidence-Based Voting: Base votes on concrete evidence of manipulation, aggressive accusations, and suspicious alliances. Avoid gut feelings.",
    "Seer Guidance: Cautiously follow a reliable Seer’s lead, but independently verify information. Do not blindly trust.",
    "Tie-Breaking: Prioritize exiling the player exhibiting the most suspicious behavior or belonging to the strongest alliance. IF a tie exists, vote for the most disruptive or aggressively defensive player.",
    "Abstain When Uncertain: If lacking sufficient evidence, abstain. Do not contribute to random exiles.",
    "IF a player consistently defends others without reasoning AND avoids answering direct questions, prioritize exiling them."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain Low Profile: Avoid drawing unnecessary attention, especially early on. Do not make premature accusations.",
    "Adaptive Approach: Continuously reassess the situation and adjust strategy based on new information. Be prepared to change tactics as the game evolves.",
    "Early Game Caution: Prioritize information gathering and observation. Avoid potion use unless a clear threat emerges.",
    "Mid-Game Aggression: Increase potion usage when wolf numbers are uncertain and a clear threat emerges. Focus on disrupting wolf coordination.",
    "IF Save potion is used, shift focus to identifying wolf packs and disrupting their communication. Prioritize protecting confirmed Seers or those demonstrably targeted.",
    "IF I suspect a Seer is a wolf, closely monitor their accusations and voting patterns. Look for inconsistencies and attempts to manipulate the village.  Watch for patterns of shifting blame and reflexive defenses of others."
  ]
}