{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Guard: *Always* protect the confirmed Seer. If no Seer is confirmed, protect the Witch. Never deviate. Communicate protection target to the Seer.",
    "As Witch: Save ONLY if the Seer is confirmed and under threat. Poison ONLY if the Seer confirms a Werewolf AND the Guard is eliminated or unavailable. Do not waste Save on unverified targets or as a preemptive measure. After using SAVE, cease providing information about the wolf target.",
    "As Seer: Investigate the most vocal or suspicious player first. Prioritize players who have not yet been investigated. Immediately share confirmed 'Not a Wolf' results."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately demand power role claims from all players. No exceptions. Frame refusal to claim as highly suspicious.",
    "IF the Seer confirms a player 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor'. Instruct others to 'Defend the Seer's data' and aggressively challenge anyone discrediting them.",
    "IF a player attacks the Seer or a Trust Anchor, *immediately* flag them as highly suspect and redirect the discussion to power role claims.",
    "Aggressively target 'Silent Observers' (abstaining players). Two consecutive rounds of abstention warrants immediate suspicion.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Challenge subsequent claims by asking specific questions about investigation results and cross-referencing data.",
    "IGNORE requests to investigate specific players. Redirect back to power role claims and focus on identifying Wolves.",
    "IF a player questions the Seer’s legitimacy despite clear 'Not a Wolf' results, assume they are a Wolf and redirect to power role claims.",
    "If players rapidly validate each other without verifiable Seer data, treat them as a Wolf pack and demand verifiable evidence. Expose their lack of transparency."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote ONLY if there’s concrete evidence of Wolf behavior (e.g., attacking the Seer, ignoring Seer data, Wolf pack behavior) OR a demonstrably flawed claim contradicting Seer data. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "Prioritize voting out Silent Observers and players attempting to discredit the Seer or Trust Anchors.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard unless there’s irrefutable evidence.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?'",
    "IF a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend them using Seer data and expose the attacker's motives.",
    "Target players who abstain from voting, especially if the discussion is focused on power role claims. Force commitment and expose their lack of engagement."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: State confirmed information clearly and concisely. Provide direct investigation results when asked. If challenged, reiterate the fact and pivot to remaining suspects. Do not reveal all information.",
    "As Guard: Coordinate explicitly with the Witch (if available). Your absolute priority is protecting the Seer. Communicate protection status to the Seer.",
    "As Witch: After using SAVE, cease providing information about the wolf target. Poison ONLY if Seer confirms a werewolf. Protect the Seer."
  ]
}