{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting the Seer if available and the Witch has SAVE. Information is paramount.",
    "If the Witch has SAVE and wolves target a player exhibiting manipulative behavior (e.g., deflection, narrative control), save that player. Losing them weakens the village’s ability to identify wolves.",
    "If the Witch lacks SAVE, prioritize protecting a confirmed Villager. Avoid wasting the potion.",
    "If targeted, assume framing. Focus defense on others' inconsistencies and aggressive behavior; redirect attention.",
    "If wolves target a player consistently exhibiting deflection, and the Witch has SAVE, prioritize saving them. Their elimination is strategically detrimental.",
    "If wolves target an unknown and the Witch lacks SAVE, prioritize protecting the player who is most likely to gather information or has proven analytical skills.  A villager with strong reasoning is more valuable than a passive one.",
    "When protecting, consider past behavior. Protect those who have demonstrated logical reasoning and a willingness to challenge others' claims."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Early Game: Observe silently, identifying patterns of alliance and defensiveness. Note who defends whom without logical reasoning.",
    "Analyze defensiveness for logical fallacies. Challenge claims lacking evidence.",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer, rigorously question their claims, demanding verifiable information. Expose hoax Seers by highlighting inconsistencies.",
    "IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning, they are suspect. Question their motivations.",
    "IF a player consistently attempts to deflect blame, strongly suspect them. Explicitly call out deflection tactics.",
    "Pay close attention to players accusing without evidence; challenge their claims.",
    "Identify and expose coordinated defense; publicly point out the lack of independent reasoning. Look for mirroring accusations.",
    "IF targeted, remain calm, redirect focus to others’ inconsistencies, and highlight logical fallacies in accusers’ arguments. Frame accusations as attempts to control the narrative.",
    "Focus on the 'why' behind defenses and accusations. Probe for underlying motivations."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Initial Round: Align with the majority to gather information. Abstain unless a clear suspect emerges.",
    "Subsequent Rounds: Vote based on manipulative behavior, narrative control, or suspicious alliances. Prioritize players steering votes.",
    "Avoid Ties: Vote for the greatest perceived threat if a tie is likely. If unsure, abstain.",
    "Hoax Seer: Swiftly vote against anyone claiming Seer with dubious claims.",
    "IF a clear wolf is identified, ensure a decisive vote. Build consensus before voting.",
    "Prioritize voting against those who consistently deflect blame, even if it means potentially misidentifying a Villager. The risk of letting a wolf continue to manipulate is greater."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Delay revealing role unless it demonstrably benefits the village. Gather more information first.",
    "Focus on identifying patterns of deception and coordinated behavior, not just individual accusations.",
    "Consider the context of accusations; wolves often try to frame innocent players. Analyze accuser motivations.",
    "Re-evaluate assumptions frequently based on new information. Be open to changing my mind.",
    "Maintain a neutral demeanor until sufficient information is gathered. Project objectivity.",
    "Track voting patterns and analyze alliances to identify coordinated wolf behavior. Publicly call out voting blocs.",
    "If the Witch uses SAVE, immediately shift focus to scrutinizing the saved player's behavior. Their actions will be under heightened suspicion."
  ]
}