{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer Protection: ALWAYS protect the Seer unless a confirmed werewolf actively targets a critical villager with strong analytical skills. If the Seer is targeted and a valuable villager is also targeted, prioritize saving the Seer.",
    "Confirmed Wolf Targeting & Critical Villager: IF a confirmed werewolf targets a villager with strong analytical skills, prioritize protecting them over the Seer. Record the confirmed wolf’s target.",
    "Poison Usage (Seer Eliminated & No Clear Target): IF the Seer is eliminated AND no clear wolf targets are identified, poison the player exhibiting the most aggressive deflection or false Seer claims. Prioritize the player most disrupting logical deduction.",
    "Protection Rotation: Rotate protection targets every other night, prioritizing players actively contributing to logical analysis and deduction. Prioritize protecting those actively challenging deflection. Observe player contributions.",
    "IF Witch has both potions, and a confirmed wolf is identified, use SAVE on the confirmed wolf target, then POISON a player exhibiting aggressive deflection.",
    "IF Save potion is expended, prioritize protecting the Seer. Losing the Save potion significantly reduces situational awareness.",
    "Early Investigation Focus: Prioritize investigating players who exhibit early-game hesitation or inconsistent statements during night actions to identify potential wolves."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediate Accusation Scrutiny: Immediately question players making swift, unsubstantiated accusations. Demand specific reasoning and evidence.",
    "Seer Claim Verification: IF multiple people claim Seer, demand verifiable evidence. Challenge inconsistencies aggressively. Prioritize challenging the most aggressive claimant.",
    "Defense Pattern Analysis: Identify who defends whom and WHY. Repeated, unexplained defense is suspicious. Focus on defenders shielding unfounded accusers.",
    "Mirroring Detection: Be highly suspicious of mirroring arguments. Investigate the instigator of mirroring behavior. Immediately call out mirroring.",
    "Aggressive Accusation Response: IF aggressively targeted without evidence, highlight the accuser’s lack of evidence and pivot to their deflection tactics. Frame the attack as a deflection attempt.",
    "Rapid Redirection Assessment: IF a player rapidly redirects suspicion, question their motives and track redirection frequency. Note who they consistently redirect suspicion from.",
    "Early Game Observation: Observe responses to Seer findings. Defensive reactions to innocent findings are suspect.",
    "Targeted Questioning: When a player makes a claim without supporting evidence, probe their reasoning with pointed questions designed to expose logical inconsistencies or lack of information. Specifically, challenge claims about others' motivations.",
    "Control Narrative: Actively steer the discussion towards logical deduction and evidence-based reasoning, avoiding emotional appeals or unsubstantiated accusations."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Confirmed Wolf Vote: Immediate exile of confirmed werewolves.",
    "Consensus-Based Voting: IF unsure, vote based on consensus, prioritizing disruptive players shielding suspicious individuals. Avoid splitting the vote.",
    "Wolf Protector Targeting: Vote for players consistently shielding suspicious individuals, especially if exhibiting deflection.",
    "Strategic Abstention: Abstain only if a vote will clearly fracture the village and benefit the wolves.",
    "Logical Alignment: Align votes with the group demonstrating the most logical reasoning.",
    "Mirroring Vote: IF mirroring accusations occur, vote to break the pattern and expose the instigator.",
    "Deflection Targeting: Prioritize voting out players consistently using deflection as a primary strategy.",
    "Tie-Breaking Strategy: If a vote is tied, abstain unless it’s clear a vote will benefit the wolves. Prioritize information gathering.",
    "Information-Driven Vote: Base votes on gathered information and logical deductions, even if it contradicts popular opinion."
  ],
  "General Notes": [
    "Detailed Observation Documentation: Maintain a running log of player behavior, alliances, and deflection patterns. Document specific phrases and arguments.",
    "Wolf Pair Identification: Recognize wolves often work in pairs; focus on identifying these partnerships and coordinated defenses. Look for coordinated deflection.",
    "Adaptability: Be flexible and responsive to changing dynamics.",
    "Maintain Neutrality: Avoid becoming a primary target.",
    "Information Prioritization: Seer information is paramount.",
    "Recognize Deflection Patterns: Prioritize suspects exhibiting consistent deflection. Actively seek contradictions in their statements.",
    "Be wary of players who are overly eager to accuse others. This can be a tactic to deflect suspicion.",
    "Proactive Information Sharing: Share Seer findings promptly, but strategically, to guide the village's reasoning without revealing too much information to potential wolves."
  ]
}