{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Protection: Prioritize Seer. If no Seer, protect Witch. If both are suspected, protect the one exhibiting less deflection during the previous day's discussion.",
    "Save Potion: Use IMMEDIATELY if a confirmed or highly suspected wolf targets Seer or Witch. Delay only if Guard is active and protecting a key villager AND the wolf target is low priority.",
    "Poison Potion: Early game, target aggressively deflecting players. Mid-late game, target coordinated behavior or attempts to discredit the Guard. Avoid wasting on obvious wolves. Prioritize targets exhibiting mirroring behavior."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Early Game: Establish baselines. Note mirroring and inconsistencies. Prioritize identifying players who rapidly accuse without evidence.",
    "Mid Game: Probe Seer claims cautiously. IF a Seer claim is met with disproportionate defense, investigate BOTH claimant AND defender, prioritizing the defender. IF a player consistently redirects blame, strongly suspect them.",
    "Late Game: Prioritize confirming remaining players. Risk revealing Seer if exile is necessary. Focus on identifying coordinated defense patterns.",
    "Mirroring Accusations: *Highest priority*. Investigate BOTH players. Prioritize the initiator. IF mirroring occurs quickly, strongly suspect both.",
    "Multiple Seer Claims: Discredit the most aggressive claimant. Analyze justifications. Scrutinize motivations of those defending the claimant.",
    "Sudden Allegiance Shifts: Investigate motives. Wolves often shift allegiances to deflect. Note timing and context.",
    "Rapid Accusations: Treat with extreme suspicion. Wolves often try to quickly eliminate threats. Correlate with mirroring.",
    "Deflection: IF a player repeatedly deflects, vote accordingly. Track deflection patterns.",
    "Guard Target Focus: IF a player aggressively targets the Guard’s protected player, investigate the accuser. Consider if the accusation is a smokescreen."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Seer Information: IF a player is confirmed a wolf, vote decisively.",
    "Close Vote: IF the vote is close, consider consequences. Vote to exile for information IF a clear suspect exists. Abstain IF exile would benefit wolves.",
    "Guard Influence: Weigh context when considering the Guard’s protection target. Repeated suggestions may indicate deflection.",
    "Strategic Abstentions: Late game, with a close villager/wolf count, strategically abstain ONLY IF exile benefits wolves.",
    "Deflection: IF a player repeatedly deflects, vote accordingly.",
    "Mirroring Accusations: IF mirroring persists, vote decisively. Prioritize the initiator.",
    "Initial Accusations: If a player makes a strong, early accusation without sufficient evidence, treat with suspicion."
  ],
  "Late Game (Few Players Remaining)": [
    "Confirmations: Prioritize confirming remaining players’ alignments. Risk revealing Seer if a wolf is suspected.",
    "Strategic Abstentions: IF the number of villagers and wolves is close, strategically abstain.",
    "Desperation Move: IF only 2-3 players remain and I am unsure, use Poison to eliminate the most suspicious player based on observed deflection and mirroring patterns."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "Early Claimed Seer + Aggressive Defense: Immediately investigate the defender. Analyze justifications. Consider if defender is a wolf. Prioritize exposing the defender.",
    "Disproportionate Defense: Investigate both defended player and defender. Consider motivations. Determine if the defense is genuine.",
    "Consistent Silence: Probe reasoning for silence. Wolves sometimes remain silent to observe. Question their inactivity.",
    "Rapid Agreement: Investigate coordination. Wolves often agree quickly. Identify the instigator.",
    "Player Blaming Guard: IF a player consistently shifts blame onto the Guard, suspect a wolf attempting to discredit the Guard’s judgment."
  ]
}