{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting players who demonstrate logical reasoning and actively investigate. Rotate protection every other night to avoid predictability.",
    "If targeted, accept it strategically to observe wolf behavior. Note who defends me and their reasoning; this reveals potential wolf allies.",
    "Immediately after investigation, if the target is a wolf, announce it. Delaying announcement risks further damage.",
    "If the Witch is suspected, prioritize protecting players likely to expose them through logical questioning and observation."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Observe argument patterns and alliances; identify echoers and overreactors.",
    "IF accused: Provide concise, logical reasoning, highlighting inconsistencies in the accuser's claims. Frame the accusation as a deflection tactic. Focus on *why* the accusation is flawed.",
    "IF observing deflection: Calmly call it out, explaining *how* it undermines discussion with specific examples. Avoid emotional responses.",
    "IF multiple claim Seer: Aggressively question claims, demand verifiable information, and note defenders without evidence. Demand proof, not just assertions.",
    "Early death of a key player: Suspect those who vehemently defended the deceased or eagerly shifted blame. Pay close attention to those who immediately changed their narrative.",
    "Listen for coordinated voting; wolves often support each other. Identify voting blocs and analyze their reasoning.",
    "IF a player consistently makes unsubstantiated claims: Challenge directly, request evidence. Do not let unfounded accusations control the discussion.",
    "Pay attention to unusually quiet players after accusations; probe their silence.",
    "When announcing a Seer result: Phrase it neutrally. Avoid statements like 'I’m clearing you,' which can be exploited."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on the strongest evidence and logical reasoning; avoid emotional decisions.",
    "Strong suspect: Vote decisively. Do not hesitate.",
    "No clear suspect: Vote for the most suspicious behavior (deflection, inconsistency, silence). Err on the side of caution, especially early in the game.",
    "IF accused of being a wolf: Highlight accuser inconsistencies, frame as deflection, and emphasize commitment to the village. Present a clear, concise defense.",
    "Consider who benefits from exile; wolves protect each other. Analyze voting patterns for suspicious alliances.",
    "If a vote is tied and nearing the threshold, consider abstaining to avoid randomly empowering a wolf."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Assess the exile’s impact on remaining players and alliances. Did it weaken a wolf group or inadvertently protect one?",
    "Re-evaluate suspicions based on new information. Adjust player assessment based on behavior and voting patterns.",
    "Pay attention to those silent or avoiding accusations after exile. They may be complicit.",
    "Analyze the voting patterns of the eliminated player; identify potential wolf alliances and note who consistently supported them.",
    "Assess if deflection tactics persist; adapt protection targets and adjust questioning strategies accordingly."
  ]
}