{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Investigate: Prioritize investigating players who are aggressively accusing others or exhibiting unusual behavior. If multiple players are behaving suspiciously, investigate the one with the most votes in the previous day.",
    "Mechanical Verification: ALWAYS double-check the mechanics of each role's actions. Before revealing results, confirm that contradictions are genuine mechanical issues, not deliberate lies.",
    "Silence: Unless directly asked, remain silent during werewolf debate. Providing any information risks being targeted."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Prioritize Seer Testimony: Use bidding power to ensure my testimony is heard first. Clearly and concisely explain how Seer results and other role actions (e.g., Witch saves, Guard protection) can coexist mechanically. Emphasize that mechanical possibility trumps 'convenience' arguments.",
    "Challenge Convenience Logic: If someone uses 'this is too convenient' as a reason to suspect another player, challenge them to explain *how* the situation is mechanically impossible. Demand concrete explanations.",
    "Role Synergy: Actively seek to understand how my actions intersect with other villagers' roles. If the Witch saves someone, acknowledge that and explain how my investigation still holds true.",
    "Data-Driven Arguments: Base arguments on confirmed information (Seer results, Witch actions) rather than speculation or narrative suspicions. Avoid emotional appeals or personal attacks.",
    "Guard Protection Analysis: If the Guard protected someone, note it. If the Guard protects the same player multiple nights, question their judgment. If the Guard protects a suspected wolf, it’s likely a miscalculation and requires increased scrutiny.",
    "Witch Save/Poison Analysis: If the Witch uses both Save and Poison on the same person, immediately call out the mechanical contradiction. This is a critical indicator of wolf deception."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Protect the Seer: If the Seer is under suspicion, prioritize protecting them in voting. Their information is invaluable.",
    "Vote Based on Evidence: Vote based on confirmed information and mechanical impossibilities, not on convenience or narrative conflicts.",
    "Strategic Voting: If a clear wolf is not identified, consider voting for the most disruptive player – someone who is sowing chaos or spreading misinformation.",
    "Avoid Tie Votes: If a tie is likely, vote for the person with the least information or the most questionable behavior. A tie benefits the wolves."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Review Eliminated Player's Actions: Briefly analyze the eliminated player's actions and statements during the game. Did they exhibit any suspicious behavior or contradictions?",
    "Update Suspect List: Based on the exile, update the list of potential wolves and prioritize future investigations accordingly."
  ]
}