{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize saving the Seer if SAVE is available. Accurate information is paramount.', 'If wolves target a player demonstrating manipulative behavior (deflection, narrative control) AND SAVE is available, save them to disrupt their narrative.', 'If SAVE is unavailable, prioritize protecting a player consistently exhibiting logical reasoning and information gathering. Their loss would significantly hinder village decision-making.', "IF targeted, assume framing. Focus defense on others' inconsistencies. Redirect attention to players exhibiting suspicious voting patterns or defensiveness. Highlight logical fallacies.", 'If the Seer is alive and SAVE is available, consider saving a player actively gathering information and articulating their reasoning clearly, promoting informed discussion.', 'If the wolves target a player who has previously demonstrated strong investigative skills or successfully identified a wolf, prioritize saving them. Their continued contribution is vital.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Early Game: Observe silently, identifying patterns of alliance and defensiveness. Note who defends whom without logical reasoning.', 'Analyze defensiveness for logical fallacies. Challenge claims lacking evidence using Socratic questioning. Focus on exposing inconsistencies.', 'IF multiple people claim Seer, rigorously question their claims, demanding verifiable information. Expose inconsistencies. Prioritize questioning over immediate accusation.', 'IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning, strongly suspect them. Question motivations and highlight the lack of independent reasoning.', 'IF a player consistently attempts to deflect blame, explicitly call out deflection tactics and provide counter-examples.', 'Pay close attention to players accusing without evidence or exhibiting emotional reasoning. Challenge claims with logical counter-arguments.', 'Identify and expose coordinated defenses; publicly point out the lack of independent reasoning. Look for mirroring accusations.', "IF targeted, remain calm. Redirect focus to others' inconsistencies and highlight logical fallacies. Frame accusations as attempts to control the narrative. Avoid overly aggressive defensiveness."], 'Voting Phase': ['Initial Round: Abstain unless a clear suspect emerges based on observed behavior and logical inconsistencies. Prioritize gathering more information.', 'Subsequent Rounds: Vote based on manipulative behavior, narrative control, or suspicious alliances. Prioritize players steering votes and creating confusion.', 'Avoid Ties: If a tie is likely, vote for the greatest perceived threat. If unsure, abstain.', 'Swiftly vote against anyone claiming Seer with dubious claims and inconsistent reasoning.', 'IF a clear wolf is identified, ensure a decisive vote. Build consensus before voting.', 'Prioritize voting against those who consistently deflect blame, even if it means potentially misidentifying a Villager. The risk of a wolf manipulating is greater.'], 'General Strategy': ['Delay revealing role unless it demonstrably benefits the village. Gather more information first.', 'Focus on identifying patterns of deception and coordinated behavior, not just individual accusations.', 'Consider the context of accusations; wolves often try to frame innocent players. Analyze accuser motivations.', 'Re-evaluate assumptions frequently based on new information.', 'Maintain a neutral demeanor until sufficient information is gathered. Project objectivity.', 'Track voting patterns and alliances to identify coordinated wolf behavior. Publicly call out inconsistencies.']}