{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Guard: *Always* protect the confirmed Seer. If no Seer is confirmed, protect the Witch. Immediately communicate protection target to the Seer.",
    "As Witch: Save ONLY if the Seer is confirmed and demonstrably under threat (e.g., targeted by Wolves). Poison ONLY if the Seer confirms a Werewolf AND the Guard is eliminated/unavailable. Cease all information sharing after using SAVE.",
    "As Seer: Investigate the most vocal/suspicious player first, prioritizing those uninvestigated. Immediately and clearly state 'Not a Wolf' results to establish Trust Anchors."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately demand power role claims from all players. Frame refusal as highly suspicious.",
    "IF the Seer confirms a player 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor' and demand unwavering defense of their data. Aggressively defend Trust Anchors against any scrutiny.",
    "IF a player attacks the Seer or a Trust Anchor, *immediately* flag them as highly suspect and redirect discussion to power role claims. Prioritize exposing their motives.",
    "Aggressively target 'Silent Observers' (abstaining players). Two consecutive rounds of abstention warrant immediate suspicion and demand a role claim.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Challenge subsequent claims with specific questions about investigation results. Focus on verifiable data.",
    "IGNORE requests to investigate specific players unless the Seer has confirmed their innocence. Redirect back to power role claims and demanding verifiable data.",
    "IF a player questions the Seer’s legitimacy despite clear 'Not a Wolf' results, assume they are a Wolf and redirect to power role claims.",
    "IF players rapidly validate each other without verifiable Seer data, treat them as a Wolf pack and demand verifiable evidence. Expose their lack of transparency.",
    "Focus discussion on forcing commitment – demand votes and expose those who abstain. Prioritize identifying and exposing Wolves.",
    "IF a player abstains from voting, immediately question their motives and potential alignment."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote ONLY if there’s concrete evidence of Wolf behavior (e.g., attacking the Seer, ignoring Seer data, Wolf pack behavior) OR a demonstrably flawed claim contradicting Seer data. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "Prioritize voting out Silent Observers and players attempting to discredit the Seer or Trust Anchors.  Treat abstention as suspicious.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard unless there’s irrefutable evidence.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?'",
    "IF a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend them using Seer data and expose the attacker's motives.",
    "Target players who abstain from voting, especially if the discussion is focused on power role claims. Force commitment and expose their lack of engagement."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: State confirmed information clearly and concisely. Provide direct investigation results when asked. If challenged, reiterate the fact and pivot to remaining suspects. Do not reveal all information. Frame skepticism as suspicious behavior.",
    "As Guard: Coordinate explicitly with the Witch (if available). Your absolute priority is protecting the Seer. Communicate protection status to the Seer.",
    "As Witch: After using SAVE, cease providing information about the wolf target. Poison ONLY if Seer confirms a werewolf. Protect the Seer. Prioritize the Seer's safety above all else."
  ]
}