{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Save if a player demonstrates consistent, logical reasoning, and provides clear explanations. Early game, prioritize saving players who appear genuinely confused or uncertain.",
    "If Save is used, immediately demand a detailed explanation of the targeted player and the rationale. Assume guilt until proven innocent. Scrutinize the saved player’s explanation for inconsistencies or evasiveness.",
    "If wolves target a player previously verified as a villager (via Seer), strongly consider Save. This is a high priority to prevent wolf elimination of key villagers.",
    "Avoid using Save on players who are aggressively accusing others without evidence, as this may be a wolf attempting to sow discord. However, if a player is clearly being targeted for no apparent reason, Save them."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately summarize night events, emphasizing targets, protections, and potion usage. Highlight inconsistencies and potential manipulations.",
    "IF a player claims Seer, demand verifiable results. Cross-reference claims and challenge vague or contradictory reasoning. Protect verifiable Seers, but remain skeptical of premature declarations. If a Seer’s claims are consistently contradicted by events, scrutinize them.",
    "IF Witch used Save, demand a detailed explanation of *why*. Focus questions on the targeted player and rationale. Be wary of deflection. Question *what* the saved player observed. Press for specifics.",
    "Aggressively call out deflection and track defenders. Prioritize identifying core defenders of suspected wolves, especially those lacking logical reasoning.",
    "Challenge attempts to control the discussion; redirect with direct, pointed questions. Suspect a wolf if a player consistently shuts down questioning.",
    "IF multiple players align without logical reasoning, suspect a wolf pack. Focus Seer investigation (if available) on these players.",
    "IF a player attempts to deflect blame by accusing me of deflection, aggressively challenge their reasoning. Demand specifics.",
    "Pay close attention to players who quickly change their accusations and targets. This is a common tactic for wolves to sow confusion."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on observed behavior and reasoning, prioritizing verifiable evidence. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "Support consensus ONLY if reasoning is sound and supported by evidence. Demand justification.",
    "IF Save occurred, prioritize voting out the saved player if they fail to provide a credible explanation or exhibit suspicious behavior. Demand a detailed explanation.",
    "Scrutinize groups strongly defending a single person without logical reasoning.",
    "IF a player’s voting pattern contradicts their stated reasoning, suspect deception.",
    "Abstain only if genuinely unsure, documenting reasons and observing the vote’s outcome.",
    "IF the Witch used Poison and the target’s explanation is unconvincing, prioritize voting them out.",
    "IF a player repeatedly accuses others without providing evidence, consider them a potential wolf. Prioritize voting them out.",
    "If there is a tie vote and the two players are suspected, vote based on which player has demonstrated more consistent reasoning."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning, investigate the connection and vote out the defender.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the Guard’s protection choices, suspect a wolf.",
    "IF a player is overly eager to accuse others early in the game, suspect a wolf.",
    "IF a player denies being the Seer despite exhibiting Seer-like behavior, scrutinize their motives.",
    "IF a player uses complex language to justify their actions, suspect obfuscation.",
    "IF a player claims to be confused or uncertain repeatedly, they may be trying to hide their true alignment. Observe their behavior closely.",
    "If a player consistently agrees with another player’s accusations without providing their own reasoning, they are likely part of a wolf pack."
  ]
}