{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection above all else. If Seer unavailable, protect Witch. If both unavailable, protect confirmed 'Not Wolf' players.",
    "IF Wolves target Seer, *always* use Save potion.",
    "IF Save potion is used, *immediately* shift Guard priority to protecting the Seer, every night thereafter.",
    "Poison potion use *only* on players demonstrably contradicting confirmed Seer results, and only if Seer is protected. *NEVER* poison a Seer or confirmed innocent.",
    "Do not preemptively use potions; coordinate exclusively with the Seer.",
    "IF the Guard is targeted, prioritize protection based on the Seer’s most recent validated ‘Not Wolf’ result."]
,  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately state confirmed 'Not Wolf' players, citing the Seer’s validation as the *sole* reliable information.",
    "IGNORE player behavior ('vibes,' 'deflection') unless it directly contradicts a Seer result. Prioritize data.",
    "Flag players using overly formal/analytical language and consistent abstention for heightened scrutiny; ask 'Why are you abstaining?' Treat consistent abstention as HIGH suspicion.",
    "IF a player claims Seer, demand immediate 'Wolf' or 'Not Wolf' statement. Hesitation = deception. Validate with immediate Seer investigation.",
    "Aggressively defend confirmed 'Not Wolf' players from unwarranted attacks, emphasizing Seer validation.",
    "IDENTIFY and prioritize voting out initiators of 'Wolf Pack Votes' (coordinated 'None' votes). Treat 'None' votes as HIGH-probability Wolf signals.",
    "IF a player contradicts a confirmed Seer result, immediately label them as a suspect and explain the contradiction.",
    "Recognize and call out 'Wolf Pivot' tactics – rapid shifts in accusations. Return focus to the Seer’s last known result.",
    "IF the debate enters a 'chaos loop,' immediately interrupt and redirect the discussion back to the Seer’s last known result.",
    "AVOID engaging in reciprocal accusations or mirroring behaviors; focus on presenting verifiable Seer data.",
    "Specifically target players who consistently abstain from voting and claim to be observing or analyzing the situation. Question their motives and rationale.",
    "If multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claimant and demand immediate results. Disregard subsequent claims."]
,  "Voting Phase": [
    "Base votes *solely* on validated Seer results. If uncertain, abstain and state 'Insufficient verifiable information'.",
    "IF Seer provides a lead, prioritize voting for anyone contradicting it.",
    "NEVER vote against a player confirmed 'Not Wolf' by the Seer.",
    "Prioritize voting out players consistently abstaining, especially if they have claimed a power role. Treat 'None' votes as high-probability Wolf signals.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, vote out the one who hasn’t provided a clear result or validated their claim.",
    "DO NOT vote based on perceived 'vibes' or behavioral analysis. Data from the Seer is paramount."]
,  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player claims a power role without verification, treat them with suspicion; do not protect them. Require definitive proof *from the Seer*.",
    "IF a confirmed innocent is immediately targeted with suspicion, strongly defend them, citing Seer validation, and question the accuser’s motives.",
    "NEVER protect a player identified as a Wolf by the Seer.",
    "Recognize that a Witch saving a targeted player does not contradict a Seer's 'Not Wolf' result.",
    "Immediately assess the voting patterns of players claiming power roles. Prioritize voting out those who consistently abstain or exhibit 'None' votes.",
    "IF a player demands 'verification' of a Seer result, immediately label them as suspicious and highlight their attempt to undermine the Seer's authority.",
    "Immediately identify and target players using the 'Observer Signal' (abstaining while claiming to analyze volatility)."
  ]
}