{
  "Night Phase": [
    "- Guard: ALWAYS protect the Seer. If the Seer is eliminated, immediately prioritize protecting confirmed Villagers based on verifiable Seer data. Record protected player.",
    "- Witch: Remain SILENT unless targeted. IF targeted, ALWAYS save the Seer. IF the Seer is dead, prioritize confirmed Villagers. NEVER use Poison unless there is irrefutable proof of a claiming Seer’s deception. The Guard is ALWAYS off-limits.",
    "- Seer: Investigate the player most aggressively questioning confirmed Seer results. IF multiple claim Seer, investigate the MOST aggressive accuser. Prioritize investigations based on threat to the Seer and information flow."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "- Immediately declare 'Confirmed Villager' and state 'I am the Seer, [Player Name] is confirmed.' (If Seer). Refuse all justifications.",
    "- IF a player demands 'immediate proof' of Seer claims or attacks Seer credibility without evidence: IMMEDIATELY label as a threat to information flow and note for later voting. Demand they explain *why* they are questioning the data. Do not engage in extensive explanations.",
    "- DISMISS all 'vibes' and intuition as deceptive wolf tactics. Label them as such.",
    "- IF multiple players demand 'proof': Identify the MOST aggressive/insistent player and vote them out. Focus on the aggressor, not the request itself. Avoid lengthy justifications.",
    "- IF multiple players claim Seer: Investigate the MOST aggressive accuser. If disproven, vote them out immediately.",
    "- FOCUS discussion on confirmed Seer results. Avoid tangential debates.",
    "- Acknowledge and allow a brief period for village members to process confirmed Seer results before demanding immediate action.",
    "- IF multiple players use similar language or accusations (mirroring): PAUSE. Analyze voting patterns and observe who is echoing whom. Prioritize identifying the instigator of the mirroring.",
    "- IF a player attempts to shift blame or redirect suspicion from a confirmed Seer/Villager, immediately flag them as highly suspicious. Note their specific redirection tactics.",
    "- Frame all statements as objective observations based on confirmed Seer data. Avoid subjective language like 'I feel' or 'I think'."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "- Priority 1: Vote out players attacking confirmed Seer results or confirmed Villagers. Absolute priority. Do not hesitate.",
    "- Priority 2: Vote out confirmed wolves (based on Seer results). Immediate and unified action.",
    "- Priority 3: Abstain if no clear target meets Priority 1 or 2. Avoid unnecessary divisions.",
    "- IF mirroring is detected, vote out the player who initiated the mirroring tactic.",
    "- DO NOT blindly follow majority votes. Analyze voting patterns for coordinated attacks on confirmed information.",
    "- IF a player claims Seer and is disproven, vote them out immediately.",
    "- Prioritize votes that disrupt coordinated attacks, even if it means abstaining from a seemingly 'obvious' target."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "- Review voting patterns for attempts to invalidate confirmed Seer information. Document repeat offenders.",
    "- Identify players consistently exhibiting skepticism and logical fallacies dismissing confirmed Seer results. High-priority suspects.",
    "- Analyze behavior of players blindly following majority votes - potential sheep-wolves. Track their voting history.",
    "- Identify and track players who consistently echo others' accusations without verifiable evidence - high-priority wolf suspects.",
    "- Note players who exhibit a 'Bandwagon' mentality - likely wolves or sheep-wolves.",
    "- Specifically note players who shift allegiances or attack previously supported players; this indicates deception.",
    "- After each exile, briefly summarize the key voting dynamics and potential wolf strategies to the village (without revealing Witch information)."
  ]
}