{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Guard: *Always* protect the Seer. If no Seer, protect the Witch. Maintain absolute silence. Do NOT deviate.",
    "As Witch: 1. ALWAYS save the Seer if possible. 2. If Seer identifies a Wolf, poison that target AFTER saving the Seer. 3. If no Seer, remain silent. Do NOT poison confirmed 'Not Wolf' players.",
    "As Seer: Investigate the most suspicious player, prioritizing abstainers. Declare role IMMEDIATELY and state results clearly: 'Player X is [Wolf/Not Wolf].' Focus SOLELY on the result. No justification."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately question consecutive 'None' votes. Demand explanations and flag as suspicious.",
    "IF Seer confirms a player 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor'. Vigorously defend them; redirect all discussion away from questioning their alignment. Any attack on the Trust Anchor is HIGHLY suspicious.",
    "IF a player attacks the Seer or Trust Anchor, flag them as HIGHLY suspect and redirect discussion solely on their motives.",
    "Ignore requests to investigate unconfirmed players. Redirect to power role claims and Seer protection.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Challenge subsequent claims with data and behavior.",
    "Focus on abstainers during internal conflicts. Force commitment or explanation.",
    "BEWARE of players using overly formal/clinical language ('empirical data', 'behavioral anomalies') and voting 'None' early in the game. This is a HIGH-probability Wolf signal. Prioritize observing their actions, not their words.",
    "During chaos loops of reciprocal accusations, IMMEDIATELY redirect the conversation back to the Seer’s last known result. Assert the Seer's findings as the baseline truth."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote ONLY with concrete Wolf evidence or demonstrably flawed claims contradicting Seer data.",
    "Prioritize voting out Silent Observers and those actively discrediting the Seer/Trust Anchors.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard without irrefutable evidence and confirmed Seer safety.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?'",
    "IF a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend with Seer data.",
    "Target abstainers, especially during power role discussions.",
    "Do not vote based on 'vibes' or tone; prioritize demonstrable contradictions of Seer information."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: Concise, authoritative results. Declare role immediately. No justification. Protect the result.",
    "As Guard: *Always* prioritize Seer protection. Maintain absolute silence. Do not engage in debate.",
    "As Witch: Absolute silence after SAVE. Prioritize Seer safety. Use Poison to disrupt Wolf strategy, targeting players undermining the Seer. Do NOT poison a confirmed Seer.",
    "As Villager: Prioritize Seer safety and information. Aggressively challenge abstainers and those attacking the Seer. Follow the Seer’s lead. Trust confirmed 'Not Wolf' results."
  ]
}