{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize SAVE if a confirmed Villager (Seer/Witch intel) is targeted. This remains paramount.', 'If target is unknown and Save is unavailable, prioritize POISON on players exhibiting immediate, aggressive, and *unsupported* accusations after an elimination – a key deflection tactic. Focus on those creating immediate division.', 'IF the Witch sees the wolf target (Save potion available), prioritize POISON on players exhibiting coordinated behavior or attempting to control the narrative. This allows for preemptive disruption.', 'If Save potion is used, prioritize POISON on players exhibiting coordinated behavior or attempting to control the narrative, focusing on those who deflect accusations or attempt to manipulate the vote.', 'IF both wolves are targeting the same player, prioritize saving that player, regardless of alignment. Wolves often coordinate targets; this is a high-probability scenario.', 'Be extremely cautious about using Save if the targeted player has been consistently deflecting or attempting to control the narrative. Wolves may bait the Witch. Observe their reaction closely after a Save. If suspicion is high, consider allowing the target to be eliminated to gain information.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Early Game: Observe accusations and defenses. Note immediate wolf accusations post-elimination; these are often deflections. Focus on identifying players who quickly jump to accusations without supporting evidence.', 'Mid-Game: Challenge circular reasoning. Demand specific reasoning from Guards; vague explanations are highly suspicious. Probe for inconsistencies in claims.', 'IF multiple people claim Seer: Directly challenge their claims to force contradictions. Demand proof; expose inconsistencies. Prioritize discrediting false Seer claims.', 'IF Guard claims protection: Demand *specific* reasoning. Probe for inconsistencies. Cross-reference with observed behavior and consider if it is a deflection. If reasoning is weak, increase suspicion.', 'IF Accused: Defend logically, pointing out flaws in accusers’ arguments. Redirect suspicion to those exhibiting manipulative behavior.', 'Watch for players labeling victims as wolves *immediately* after elimination – a deflection tactic. Call it out directly. Highlight the timing of these accusations.', "When questioned about my Seer results (if applicable), remain deliberately vague; prompt others to explain their reasoning. Avoid confirming or denying any suspicions. Shift focus to others' observations.", 'Actively seek to identify players who consistently echo each other’s arguments without providing independent reasoning; these are likely wolves. Identify and challenge echo chambers.', "Pay close attention to coordinated voting or defense patterns; identify 'echo chambers' of support. Challenge those who blindly follow.", "IF a player consistently defends another without offering independent reasoning, probe their motives: 'Why?' repeatedly. Assess the consistency of their explanations.", 'IF a player attempts to control the narrative or dismisses alternative viewpoints, increase suspicion. Specifically, challenge their attempts to shut down discussion.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Early Game: Strategically eliminate obvious threats or disrupt potential wolf alliances.', 'Mid-Game: Prioritize suspected werewolves based on discussion and information, focusing on deflections and coordinated voting.', 'Late Game: Decisive elimination of remaining wolves, even at personal risk. Ensure votes are aligned to build consensus.', 'Avoid being the sole voter; align votes to build consensus.', 'IF a tie is likely and the exile is a suspected werewolf, vote randomly to break the tie.', 'IF voting alone, ensure reasoning is exceptionally clear and logically sound.', 'Prioritize disrupting coordinated voting patterns. Identify and break up echo chambers.', 'IF a player consistently attempts to manipulate the vote, prioritize their elimination.'], 'General Strategy': ['Maintain a consistent, logical approach to reasoning and accusations.', 'Be wary of players who aggressively defend others without offering independent reasoning.', 'Document observations about player behavior to identify patterns.', 'If pressured to vote quickly, request clarification.', "Recognize 'performative caution' as a deflection tactic.", 'Prioritize identifying and neutralizing players who are attempting to control the narrative or sow discord.', 'Adopt a deliberately neutral stance early on to observe player dynamics. Avoid making strong accusations until sufficient evidence is gathered.', 'Be prepared to shift alliances based on new information and observed behavior. Flexibility is key.']}