{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize self-preservation and meticulous observation of player behavior.",
    "Save Potion: Reserve *exclusively* for a confirmed Seer or Witch under direct threat. Saving a Seer is paramount. Use immediately if identified and threatened.",
    "Poison Potion: Delay until a Seer provides definitive wolf identification *and* the target is actively and aggressively disrupting the village. Premature use is detrimental. Target players who consistently deflect or misdirect.",
    "Protection Target: Prioritize the Seer if identified and threatened. If no Seer, protect a player exhibiting logical reasoning and avoiding aggressive accusations. Critically assess the Guard’s protection choices; illogical choices strongly suggest wolf involvement.",
    "Wolf Target Observation: If the Wolves target someone protected by the Guard, *immediately* suspect the Guard is a wolf and prioritize discrediting them."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Initial Statement: Frame observations as questions to gauge reactions and identify inconsistencies.",
    "Observe Defenses: Aggressive defenses are suspicious. Probe for logical fallacies.",
    "Analyze Deflection: Identify players consistently deflecting blame. Demand concrete evidence, focusing on 'coordination' claims.",
    "Scrutinize Role Claims: Demand verifiable proof for Seer, Witch, or Guard claims. Test claims with targeted questions.",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer: Focus on discrediting the *most aggressive* claimant. Assess consistency of accusations and challenge reasoning.",
    "IF a player repeatedly claims others are 'coordinating': Investigate their claims and the alleged 'coordinated' players. Demand specifics and look for mirroring.",
    "Track Inconsistencies: Publicly highlight inconsistencies and mirrored accusations.",
    "Prioritize identifying wolves using deflection tactics and mirroring.",
    "Pay close attention to players who quickly shift blame.",
    "IF the Guard’s protection seems illogical: Raise subtle questions to reveal potential wolf involvement."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Seer's Lead: Follow Seer’s identified wolves without hesitation unless contradictory evidence arises. Demand reasoning.",
    "Strategic Voting: If no Seer information, vote based on patterns of behavior and accusations with supporting evidence. Prioritize players demonstrating deception.",
    "Avoid Random Voting: Every vote must be deliberate and strategic.",
    "Tie-Breaking: Prioritize eliminating the player suspected by multiple players or causing the most disruption.",
    "IF a player consistently deflects blame: They are likely a wolf and should be prioritized.",
    "Consider the Guard's protection: Avoid voting out a protected player unless overwhelming evidence exists.",
    "IF multiple players accuse the same individual: Vote for that individual.",
    "IF uncertain, vote for the player who is most aggressively defending others or shifting blame.",
    "If the Guard consistently protects the same player, investigate them closely."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Early Game Neutrality: Remain neutral to gather information. Avoid early accusations.",
    "Adaptability: Adjust strategy based on evolving circumstances and role reveals.",
    "Prioritize Seer Protection: Protect the Seer at all costs.",
    "Recognize Wolf Tactics: Be aware of deflection, false accusations, and claiming powerful roles.",
    "Mental Notes: Track player interactions and accusations to identify patterns.",
    "Be wary of players claiming perfect information."
  ]
}