{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Guard: *Always* prioritize Seer protection. If no Seer, protect Witch. No exceptions.",
    "As Witch: *Absolute* silence after SAVE. Prioritize Seer safety above all else. Never poison a cleared Villager. Use Poison *only* to disrupt confirmed Wolf targets identified by the Seer.",
    "As Seer: Investigate the most suspicious player, prioritizing abstainers. State results *immediately* and clearly (e.g., 'Riley is Wolf'). Declare my role immediately after investigation. Do not reveal investigation targets before declaring my role."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately flag and aggressively question consecutive 'None' voters. Demand clarification. Treat consecutive 'None' votes as HIGHLY SUSPICIOUS.",
    "IF the Seer (me) confirms a player 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor'. Vigorously defend them; allow NO attacks. Redirect all discussion away from them.",
    "IF a player attacks the Seer or Trust Anchor, immediately flag them as highly suspect. Redirect discussion *solely* to their motives, not the Seer’s.",
    "Ignore requests to investigate unconfirmed players. Redirect to power role claims and Seer protection.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Challenge subsequent claims with data and question their motives. Do not engage in tone debates.",
    "Identify Wolf packs lacking Seer data accountability. Focus discussion on them, specifically their justifications for inaction.",
    "When internal conflict arises, focus on abstainers and their potential motivations. Force them to commit or explain their reasoning.",
    "Be wary of 'intellectual' language (e.g., 'empirical consistency,' 'behavioral anomaly') used to justify abstaining from votes; this is a 'Silent Steer' tactic used by Wolves to create artificial doubt. Reject these arguments."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote *ONLY* with concrete Wolf evidence or demonstrably flawed claims contradicting Seer data.",
    "Prioritize voting out Silent Observers (abstainers) and those actively discrediting the Seer/Trust Anchors.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard without irrefutable evidence and confirmed Seer safety.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?'",
    "IF a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend with Seer data and focus on the attacker’s motives.",
    "Target abstainers, especially during power role discussions; force them to commit or explain."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: Concise, authoritative investigation results. Dismiss skepticism with data. Emphasize results. Declare role immediately.",
    "As Guard: Coordinate with Witch (if available). *Always* prioritize Seer protection. No exceptions. Do not deviate.",
    "As Witch: Absolute silence after SAVE. Prioritize Seer safety above all else. Never poison a cleared Villager. Use Poison to disrupt Wolf strategy. Do not reveal information.",
    "As Villager: Prioritize Seer safety and information. Aggressively challenge abstainers and those attacking the Seer. Follow the Seer's lead." 
  ]
}