{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Save on confirmed Seers with verifiable claims. If no confirmed Seer and targeted, use Save.",
    "Delay Poison unless a confirmed wolf or actively disruptive player is identified. Observe wolf targets carefully.",
    "If Guard protects a player, avoid using Save on them unless there's a compelling reason (e.g., imminent guaranteed kill)."]
  ,
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Approach Seer claims with extreme skepticism. Demand verifiable reasoning and cross-reference with behavior.",
    "Early accusations are often wolf tactics. Identify those who defend without justification.",
    "Respond to accusations calmly, highlighting inconsistencies and focusing on coordination.",
    "Watch for consistent mutual defense with weak justifications – a key indicator of wolf coordination.",
    "If multiple players claim Seer, prioritize analyzing their behavior and justifications, not just accepting claims. Look for who defends whom.",
    "Probe silent players with direct questions, evaluating defensiveness rather than silence itself.",
    "Pay attention to the *manner* of deflection – simple attacks versus alternative explanations."]
  ,
  "Voting Phase": [
    "If a confirmed Seer identifies a wolf, vote accordingly.",
    "If no confirmed Seer, vote for the player with the most compelling suspicion based on discussion evidence, prioritizing coordinated behavior or illogical defenses.",
    "In a tie, exile the most disruptive or questionable claimant, particularly those attempting to force a consensus or derail the investigation.",
    "Do not blindly trust accusations; vote based on logic and evidence, considering potential Witch influence."]
  ,
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain calculated neutrality, observing and analyzing before acting.",
    "Prioritize gathering information and cross-referencing observations.",
    "Adapt strategy based on new information and behavior, remaining flexible.",
    "Recognize wolf tactics like blame-shifting and false narratives; suspect players who consistently deflect.",
    "Early game: Focus on identifying patterns of defense and justification *before* making accusations. Allow wolves to reveal themselves.",
    "After Save is used, prioritize Poison on players exhibiting coordinated defense or spreading misinformation. This is the new top priority."]
}