{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize Guard protection for confirmed Seers. Secondary for strong investigators demonstrably uncovering wolves.', 'Save potion: ONLY if a confirmed Seer or key investigator is targeted AND shows clear deflection. Immediately assess their behavior after Save. Aggressively scrutinize their subsequent actions. If the target is aggressively accusing others of deflection, consider *not* using Save; potential wolf framing.', 'Avoid Poison unless a verifiable Seer identification exists AND the targeted player consistently obstructs investigation with deflection. Focus on coordinated defenses. Do not poison players attempting to logically defend others.', 'IF wolves target someone aggressively accusing others of deflection, consider *not* using Save; potential wolf framing. Let the village debate.', 'If a wolf is confirmed, prioritize Guard protection for the confirmed Seer.', 'If the Save potion is used, wolves’ targets are no longer revealed. Adapt accordingly; rely on day discussion.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Immediately flag deflection tactics: categorize player, accusation, and deflection type (mirroring, false accusation, whataboutism). Publicly announce the type.', "Challenge vague accusations: Demand specific examples and reasoning. Do not accept 'gut feelings'.", 'IF multiple claim Seer: Demand detailed investigation results; cross-reference. Publicly expose contradictions. Prioritize verifying Seer claims over accusations.', 'IF a player defends without logical reasoning: Investigate motives; probe for vulnerabilities without direct accusations.', 'Highlight coordinated defenses and mirroring: Observe for genuine reasoning vs. echoing. Look for a lack of independent thought. If mirroring is observed, identify the initiator.', 'Flag contradictions in player statements; document them. Prioritize contradictions impacting Seer claims or vote patterns.', 'Pay close attention to players accusing others of deflection; counter-accuse with evidence. Focus on the *source* of the deflection, not just the responders.', "IF a player attempts to establish themselves as a 'voice of reason': Suspect them; analyze arguments for consistency and manipulation.", 'IF players repeatedly accuse each other of deflection: Identify the *source* – who initiates and who responds? Focus on identifying the primary instigator, not just the responders.', 'IF a player consistently changes their accusations: Strongly suspect a pattern of deflection.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Vote strategically based on Day Discussion, prioritizing the most likely werewolf with supporting evidence.', 'IF a clear frontrunner exists with strong evidence: Vote decisively.', 'Never abstain unless unavoidable; explain reasoning clearly.', 'IF a player consistently defends without logical reasoning: Vote for that defender.', 'Prioritize voting out players who consistently undermine logical discussion.', 'IF multiple suspected of deflection: Vote for the most consistent user/coordinator.', 'IF multiple suspected of coordinated defense: Vote for the *leader* of the coordination.', 'IF a vote is tied and it’s close to a werewolf win: Abstain to avoid accidentally saving a wolf.'], 'Post-Exile Analysis': ['Analyze exiled player’s behavior: Genuine deflection or deception? Categorize.', 'Assess exile’s strategic impact: Key wolf or potential ally?', 'Note patterns in exiled players’ behavior (mirroring, deflection, emotional reasoning).', "Re-evaluate remaining players based on exiled player's connections.", "Highlight contradictions in players' statements; update the record.", 'Analyze vote reasoning and identify biases.', 'Document who defended exiled player and their reasoning.', 'IF the exiled player was a key accuser: Investigate who they were protecting. Focus on players who consistently defended the exiled player.'], 'Specific Situations': ['IF a player refuses to participate: Strongly suspect; aggressively question their silence.', 'IF a player consistently uses vague language: Suspect; demand specific explanations.', 'IF a player offers unsolicited support: Investigate the relationship; question motives.', 'IF a player aggressively defends someone without reason: Suspect; probe motives.', 'IF a player displays excessive emotionality: Suspect; question judgment.', 'IF a player claims Seer information contradicting known facts: Aggressively challenge; expose contradiction.', 'IF a player consistently echoes another player’s arguments: Suspect coordination; ask for independent reasoning.', 'IF a player rapidly shifts blame and accusations: Strongly suspect; look for deflecting responsibility.', 'IF a player attempts to create division among the villagers: Suspect them of being a werewolf.']}