{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Seer, investigate a different player each night, prioritizing those who have been vocal or suspicious during the day. Record findings meticulously.",
    "Immediately upon waking, CLAIM the Seer role. State: 'I am the Seer.' Do not preface with 'verifiable data' or any other qualifying phrases.",
    "As Guard, prioritize protecting the Seer every night. If the Seer is confirmed safe, protect the Witch.",
    "As Witch, prioritize saving the Seer if targeted. Do not waste the Save potion on unconfirmed targets. If Save is unavailable, do not act."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately request power role claims from all players. Focus solely on this request; do not engage in preliminary discussion.",
    "If the Seer confirms a player as 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor.' Instruct the Trust Anchor: 'Your job is to aggressively defend the Seer’s information and identify any attempts to discredit them.'",
    "If a player attempts to discredit the Seer, immediately accuse them of Wolf gaslighting and redirect the conversation to the Seer’s confirmed data. Do not engage in debate about the accusation.",
    "If multiple players rapidly validate each other’s suspicions without citing Seer data, flag them as potential Wolves. Demand: 'What verifiable evidence supports this claim?'",
    "Refrain from subjective statements ('vibes,' 'deflection'). Focus solely on verifiable Seer data.",
    "If multiple players claim to be the Seer, prioritize the first clearance. Immediately challenge subsequent claims.",
    "If multiple players aggressively demand the Seer reveal their role, this is likely a coordinated Wolf tactic. Maintain silence and redirect to power role claims."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote ONLY if there is concrete evidence of wolf behavior or a demonstrably flawed claim contradicting Seer data.",
    "Prioritize voting out players exhibiting Wolf Pack behavior.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard unless there is irrefutable evidence.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'If I vote for this person, how will it benefit the wolves?'",
    "Be wary of 'The Confirmation Trap'. Scrutinize players who consistently vote with the majority. Assess if their 'safe' votes are intended to mislead.",
    "If a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend them and challenge the accusers' evidence."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: State confirmed information clearly and concisely. Do *not* offer explanations. If challenged, reiterate the fact and pivot to remaining suspects.",
    "As Guard: Coordinate protection targets with the Witch. Report any suspicious behavior observed during the night.",
    "As Witch: If the Save potion is used, cease providing information about the wolf target. Poison only with irrefutable evidence."
  ]
}