{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize SAVE if a confirmed Villager (Seer/Witch intel) is targeted. This remains paramount.', 'IF Witch sees wolf target and Guard protected someone aggressively defending a suspect, prioritize POISON on the Guard. *This leverages the Guard’s potential deflection.*', 'IF Witch sees wolf target and no clear defensive pattern, prioritize POISON on players exhibiting coordinated behavior or attempting to control the narrative. *Focus on disrupting coordinated deception.*', 'If Save potion is used, prioritize POISON on players who were strongly defending the saved player; focus on those who immediately and vehemently defended the saved player. *They are likely wolves or complicit.*', 'If no clear target and Save is available, abstain from using it; conserve it for a more critical moment. *Avoid wasting the potion.*'], 'Day Discussion': ['Early Game: Observe accusation patterns and immediate reactions post-elimination. Note deflection tactics. Establish a baseline of reasoning before accusations.', "Mid-Game: Challenge circular reasoning and demand specific reasoning from all players, especially Guards. Cross-reference claims. Aggressively call out claims of 'deflection' when used to avoid substantive discussion.", 'IF multiple people claim Seer: Demand specifics of investigations. Prioritize exposing inconsistencies; vote out contradictory Seers immediately. *Inconsistent Seer claims are highly suspect.*', 'IF Guard claims protection: Demand detailed reasoning and cross-reference with observed behavior. Weak/inconsistent explanations raise suspicion. Scrutinize Guards intensely.', 'IF Accused: Defend logically, redirecting suspicion to manipulative behavior. Focus on exposing inconsistencies in the accuser’s reasoning. Frame arguments around logical fallacies.', 'Watch for immediate labeling of victims as wolves post-elimination – a deflection. Explicitly call it out.', "Actively seek players echoing arguments without independent reasoning; ask 'Why do you agree?'. *Identify 'echo chambers'.* Probe for original thought.", "Pay close attention to coordinated voting/defense patterns; identify and challenge 'echo chambers'. *Disrupt coordinated deception.*", 'Immediately question anyone quickly and strongly accusing another player without substantial reasoning – likely deflection. Demand evidence beyond gut feeling.', "IF a player consistently uses the term 'deflection' without providing specific reasoning, suspect them of employing it as a shield to avoid scrutiny.", 'Focus on identifying players who quickly jump to conclusions and accuse others without sufficient evidence. Prioritize challenging their reasoning and exposing inconsistencies.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Early Game: Strategically eliminate obvious threats or disrupt potential alliances, prioritizing deflection tactics.', 'Mid-Game: Prioritize suspected werewolves based on discussion and information, focusing on deflections and coordinated voting. Value demonstrable reasoning over passionate claims.', 'Late Game: Decisive elimination of remaining wolves, aligning votes and explaining reasoning clearly.', 'Avoid being the sole voter; align votes to build consensus. Seek at least two other voters before committing.', 'IF a tie is likely and exile is a suspected werewolf, vote randomly. *Disrupt wolf plans.*', 'Prioritize disrupting coordinated voting patterns and echo chambers.', 'IF a player consistently manipulates the vote, prioritize elimination.', 'When uncertain, vote to disrupt the most vocal or aggressive accuser.', 'IF a player consistently defends others without logical reasoning, vote against them.', 'If a vote is likely to result in the exile of a confirmed Villager, abstain. The loss of information outweighs the potential gain.', 'If multiple players exhibit similar reasoning patterns or defend each other without justification, consider them a coordinated group and target them for elimination.'], 'General Strategy': ['Maintain a consistent, logical approach to reasoning and accusations. Avoid emotional responses.', 'Be wary of players aggressively defending others without reasoning; this is a common deflection tactic.', 'Document observations about player behavior to identify patterns and potential alliances.', 'If pressured to vote quickly, request clarification and time to assess the situation.', "Recognize 'performative caution' as a deflection.", 'Adopt a neutral stance early on to observe dynamics and identify key players.', 'Be prepared to shift alliances based on new information.', "Prioritize identifying and disrupting coordinated deception efforts. Focus on breaking up 'echo chambers'.", 'Be suspicious of players who quickly accuse others without providing concrete reasoning or evidence.', 'Look for patterns of agreement and defense among players, as this may indicate a coordinated effort to mislead the group.']}