{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Protection Priority: 1. Myself (critical early game). 2. Confirmed, trustworthy Seer. 3. Players demonstrably targeted by Wolves (if known). 4. Analytical Villagers showing independent reasoning. Rotate protection targets to avoid predictability.",
    "Potion Use - Round 1: IF Seer confirmed AND trustworthy, SAVE the Seer. Otherwise, POISON the player exhibiting the most aggressive, unfounded accusations and attempting to control the narrative. IF Wolves target revealed, SAVE the target. Prioritize poisoning players who create false narratives.",
    "Potion Use - Round 2+: IF Seer confirmed AND trustworthy, consistently SAVE the Seer. Otherwise, prioritize poisoning key members of suspected wolf packs coordinating attacks and spreading misinformation. Prioritize the most vocal defender without reasoning. IF Witch sees the wolf target, confirm villager status and adjust accusations. IF no clear wolf target, poison the most defensive/evasive player who avoids direct questions. IF multiple players defend the same person without reason, poison the most vocal of that group.",
    "Early Game (No Seer): Focus on self-preservation. Prioritize protecting myself unless a clear, analytical villager emerges. Avoid reflexive defenses. Prioritize protecting players who ask probing questions and demonstrate independent reasoning. Vigilantly observe defensive patterns."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Initial Observation: Remain silent for at least 30% of the discussion, observing alliances and defensive patterns. Note who immediately defends others without reasoning. Look for coordinated defenses.",
    "Seer Claim Evaluation: IF multiple people claim Seer, demand verifiable past predictions. IF a Seer provides vague answers or deflects direct questions, significantly increase suspicion. Prioritize Seers who answer direct questions with specifics. IF a Seer immediately attacks those questioning their claims, they are HIGHLY suspect. IF a Seer claims to have investigated someone, demand specifics about the outcome.",
    "Accusation Analysis: Note coordinated defenses – HIGHLY suspicious. Prioritize observing who consistently defends another without reasoning, especially if defenses lack logical basis. Pay attention to deflection tactics and redirecting the conversation. IF a player repeatedly accuses without providing reasoning, increase suspicion. Focus on identifying narrative controllers.",
    "Defensiveness Detection: Track players avoiding direct answers or shifting blame. Assess argument quality, not just volume. Repeatedly deflective responses are a strong indicator of guilt. Focus on *why* behind defenses. Question claims of 'observation' without concrete examples. IF a player's defense relies solely on attacking others, increase suspicion.",
    "Post-Exile Analysis: Immediately assess the impact of the exile on remaining players. Note shifts in alliances and observe how remaining players adjust their narratives. Focus on who benefits most. Identify who attempts to immediately rewrite the narrative to their advantage. Assess whether the exiled player’s behavior aligned with their claims.",
    "Early Game Focus: Prioritize identifying the Seer early. Actively probe suspected Seers with direct questions. IF no Seer within two rounds, prioritize identifying coordinated defensive groups. Focus on who benefits from the exile.",
    "If a player consistently avoids answering direct questions and instead redirects the discussion, strongly suspect them. Pay close attention to players who immediately accuse others without offering supporting reasoning."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Evidence-Based Voting: Base votes on manipulation, aggression, and suspicious alliances. Avoid emotional reasoning.",
    "Seer Guidance: Cautiously follow a reliable Seer, independently verifying information. Don’t blindly trust Seer claims. Cross-reference Seer information with observed player behavior. IF a Seer's claim contradicts observed behavior, distrust them.",
    "Tie-Breaking: Prioritize exiling the most suspicious player or one belonging to a strong alliance. If a tie is likely, abstain to avoid misvotes.",
    "Abstain When Uncertain: If lacking sufficient evidence, abstain.",
    "Targeted Voting: IF a player consistently defends others without reasoning AND avoids answering direct questions, prioritize exiling them. If a player's defense is solely based on attacking others, vote them out.",
    "Late Game: Prioritize exiling known wolves, even if evidence is circumstantial. A coordinated defense is a strong indicator of wolf presence. IF a wolf is strongly suspected and no Seer is present, vote them out."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Analyze the exiled player’s behavior and statements before elimination. Did they attempt to mislead or manipulate?",
    "Assess the impact of the exile on remaining players. Note alliance shifts and changes in behavior.",
    "Adjust strategy based on the exiled player’s role and actions. Did the exile reveal new information or shift the power dynamics? Update assessments of remaining players. Did the exiled player’s reasoning align with observed behavior?"
  ]
}