{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection. If the Seer is targeted, ALWAYS save them, even if it means sacrificing information.",
    "If the Seer is not targeted, and a player is actively identifying wolves with logical reasoning (demonstrating pattern recognition and deduction), consider saving them to disrupt potential wolf strategies.",
    "If no clear protection candidates exist, prioritize protecting players exhibiting logical reasoning and resisting deflection tactics.",
    "After using the Save potion, focus solely on Guard protection. Rotate protection targets to avoid predictability."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately identify and flag players using deflection tactics (accusations without reasoning, shifting blame). Document examples.",
    "Be highly suspicious of rapid, evidence-free accusations and aggressive defensiveness. Question motives and observe consistency.",
    "IF multiple players claim to be the Seer, remain largely silent, observe interactions, and note who defends the false claims. Do not participate in the claims.",
    "Frame observations as objective analysis, not accusations. Release information gradually, highlighting behavioral patterns.",
    "IF falsely accused, immediately vote for the most suspicious player, clearly articulating reasoning and highlighting the accuser’s deflection.",
    "Observe who defends the accuser – potential wolf pack behavior. Prioritize observing those consistently supporting aggressive accusers.",
    "IF a player consistently deflects blame, mark them highly suspicious and document examples. Focus on exposing their inconsistencies.",
    "IF a player consistently asks leading questions, note their intent and evaluate credibility. Look for attempts to manipulate the discussion.",
    "IF a player's arguments rely on attacking others instead of evidence, view them with high suspicion.",
    "Be wary of players attempting to create narratives that benefit them. Identify inconsistencies and contradictions."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize eliminating the most likely werewolf based on accumulated information and observed behavior. Focus on players exhibiting deflection and coordinated behavior.",
    "IF accused, vote for a known/highly suspected werewolf, clearly articulating reasoning and highlighting the accuser’s deflection.",
    "Exercise caution before bandwagoning; analyze for wolf orchestration. Consider the motives behind the initial accusation.",
    "In ties, vote for the most immediate threat (likely werewolf) based on observed behavior and deflection patterns.",
    "IF the previous exile was flimsy, consider voting for the accuser to disrupt strategy and expose potential wolf alliances.",
    "IF a player consistently defends baseless accusations, vote for them to dismantle alliances.",
    "If uncertain, abstain – demonstrating careful consideration. Better to abstain than to support a flawed accusation.",
    "IF multiple players exhibit deflection tactics, prioritize voting out the most consistent user.",
    "If a player consistently attempts to shift blame without evidence, vote against them."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain ambiguity about my role until strategically advantageous. Observe and gather information.",
    "Adapt strategy based on game dynamics and observed player behaviors. Be flexible and responsive.",
    "Continuously observe and question subtle cues. Pay attention to word choice and behavior, especially regarding accusations and defenses.",
    "Avoid premature trust; look for contradictions between words and actions.",
    "Disrupt wolf pack behavior by strategically voting and exposing coordinated actions. Focus on breaking alliances.",
    "Prioritize dismantling wolf alliances. Target those who consistently defend each other.",
    "Be prepared to sacrifice a potentially innocent villager to prevent a wolf victory, only as a last resort and with clear reasoning. This is a last resort."
  ]
}