{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting the Seer above all else. Their information is paramount.",
    "If no Seer is present, prioritize protecting players exhibiting strong logical reasoning and actively questioning others. Look for those who consistently challenge claims and identify inconsistencies.",
    "Early game (first 2 rounds): Observe targeting patterns before committing to protection. Avoid early Save or Guard usage without strong justification. Focus on information gathering.",
    "IF Save potion is available AND the Seer is alive: Protect the Seer. If the Seer is not alive, prioritize protecting players actively gathering information and challenging claims, especially if targeted by wolves. Confirm target status before using Save.",
    "IF Save potion is used: Focus on protecting players exhibiting analytical skills and deductive reasoning. Wolves will exploit the Witch’s diminished information. Prioritize players actively analyzing the situation and identifying patterns.",
    "IF Guard role is publicly known: Protect the Seer if alive. Otherwise, protect the player most likely to deduce wolf identities.",
    "Protect against coordinated attacks, even if the target is not immediately suspicious. Wolves often work together. Note who is defending whom.",
    "Always assess the immediate threat level. If wolves are clearly targeting a specific player, prioritize protecting them, even if they are not an ideal choice."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Observe silently for at least 30% before speaking. Note claims without immediate judgment.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer: Demand verifiable predictions. Rigorously test their reasoning. Disprove false claims with logical questions. Prioritize identifying inconsistencies. Demand specific predictions and assess their accuracy. Be wary of claims lacking specifics.",
    "IF a player consistently deflects or avoids direct answers: Mark as highly suspicious. Redirect the conversation to force a direct response. Note frequency of deflection. Prioritize direct questioning.",
    "IF a coordinated defense emerges: Target the instigator or leader – identify who benefits most. Investigate their motives. Look for reciprocal defense patterns. Assess if the defense is logical or purely reactionary.",
    "After exile: Assess the impact on alliances and identify beneficiaries. Wolves manipulate narratives. Note who seems to benefit from the exile. Pay close attention to power shifts.",
    "Red Flag: Deflection, redirection, and emotional appeals over logical reasoning strongly indicate suspicion. Question motives persistently.",
    "Pay close attention to reciprocal defense – if Player A defends Player B, they are likely wolves or accomplices. Investigate relationships between players. Look for patterns of mutual protection.",
    "IF the Seer is alive: Carefully consider their claims, but independently assess for inconsistencies. Validate claims with your own observations. Do not blindly follow. Corroborate information whenever possible.",
    "Focus on identifying patterns of deception, not just individual suspicious actions. Wolves often work in coordinated groups."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Base votes on manipulation, aggression, and suspicious alliances, NOT emotion.",
    "IF a Seer provides clear, verifiable evidence: Follow cautiously, but independently verify. Don’t assume they are infallible.",
    "IF a tie occurs: Prioritize exiling a player exhibiting deceptive tactics or protecting others without logical reasoning. Abstain if the potential exile is a key information gatherer.",
    "Abstain if lacking sufficient evidence or if the vote benefits Werewolves. Avoid emotional votes.",
    "Target players defending without reasoning; they likely protect each other. Prioritize those who provide justifications.",
    "Analyze the impact of each vote on player dynamics; avoid strengthening wolf alliances. Consider who benefits from the exile.",
    "IF multiple suspects with weak evidence: Abstain to avoid wrongly exiling a villager. Protect potential information gatherers.",
    "Prioritize voting out players exhibiting coordinated defense strategies and reciprocal protection. Focus on disrupting alliances.",
    "Consider power dynamics. Who gains the most from an exile? Is it a calculated move?",
    "Before voting, ask: Who benefits from this exile? Does it disrupt a potential wolf alliance?",
    "If there's a clear 'ringleader' in a suspicious group, target them first. Disrupt their coordination."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Analyze exiled player’s behavior and statements: Did they mislead or manipulate? Look for patterns.",
    "Assess the impact on remaining players: Note alliance shifts. Identify new power structures.",
    "IF a Seer was exiled: Drastically increase scrutiny of players claiming Seer knowledge. Demand irrefutable proof. Challenge claims aggressively.",
    "Evaluate my own actions and adjust strategy accordingly. Learn from mistakes.",
    "Pay close attention to who benefits from each exile; wolves often manipulate.",
    "Look for reciprocal protection patterns – if Player A defends Player B, they are likely wolves or accomplices.",
    "Consider the possibility that the exiled player was intentionally framed by wolves. Analyze the narrative. Was there an obvious setup?",
    "Re-evaluate the trustworthiness of players who previously defended the exiled player. Their loyalty may be questionable."
  ]
}