{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize SAVE on players demonstrating consistent, reasoned arguments and genuine village alignment. Increased scrutiny on those who claim Seer.', 'If SAVE is used and the wolf target is revealed, POISON a DIFFERENT player exhibiting deflection tactics or mirroring accusations (Hoang/Cong-like behavior).', 'If SAVE isn’t used, POISON a player rapidly accusing others without evidence, particularly if they lack supporting arguments.', 'Always note the wolf target to understand their strategy and potential alliances. This is crucial for identifying coordinated wolf behavior.', 'If the Witch sees the wolf target, prioritize poisoning a DIFFERENT player showing wolf-like traits to disrupt their strategy. Do not save if the target is a clear wolf.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Immediately identify players attempting to control the narrative and those shifting blame. Focus on inconsistencies and logical fallacies.', 'Be HIGHLY suspicious of rapid, evidence-lacking accusations, especially when paired with aggressive defensiveness.', 'IF multiple players claim Seer, remain largely silent and observe interactions and accusations. Avoid direct probing. Analyze their arguments for internal inconsistencies.', 'Frame observations as objective analysis, not direct accusations. Release information gradually, focusing on patterns of behavior.', 'Exercise extreme caution with players mirroring rapid, aggressive accusations (Hoang/Cong-like behavior). Prioritize observation and wait for concrete evidence.', 'IF falsely accused, immediately vote for the most suspicious player, highlighting the accuser’s inconsistencies and logical errors. Clearly articulate reasoning.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Prioritize eliminating the most likely werewolf, based on accumulated information and observed patterns of deception.', 'Avoid random voting; every vote must be strategic and based on logical reasoning.', 'IF accused, vote for a known or highly suspected werewolf to deflect suspicion and clearly state reasoning, demonstrating logical thought.', 'Exercise caution before following the majority; consider if the bandwagon is wolf-orchestrated. Analyze the arguments driving the majority vote.', 'In ties, vote for the most immediate threat (likely werewolf). If uncertain, vote for the player exhibiting the most unusual or inconsistent behavior.'], 'General Strategy': ['Maintain ambiguity about my role until absolutely necessary. Observe and gather information, prioritizing logical consistency and reasoned arguments.', 'Adapt strategy based on game dynamics. Be prepared to change plans if evidence suggests a shift in wolf strategy.', 'Continuously observe and question. Pay attention to subtle cues and inconsistencies in player arguments and behavior.', 'Avoid premature trust. Werewolves are deceptive; look for behavioral patterns that contradict their stated intentions.', 'Recognize and disrupt wolf pack behavior by strategically voting and exposing coordinated actions. Focus on dismantling alliances.', 'Prioritize dismantling wolf alliances to isolate and eliminate individual werewolves. Target the most influential members first.']}