{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Protection Priority: 1. Confirmed Seer. 2. Player demonstrably targeted by Wolves (highest priority, especially early). 3. Myself (if no Seer or targeted player).",
    "Potion Use - Round 1: IF Seer confirmed, SAVE the Seer. Otherwise, POISON the player making the most aggressive, unfounded accusations AND attempting to control the narrative. Prioritize targets exhibiting reflexive defenses.",
    "Potion Use - Round 2+: IF Seer confirmed, consistently SAVE the Seer. Otherwise, prioritize poisoning key members of suspected wolf packs coordinating attacks and spreading misinformation. Prioritize the most vocal defender without reasoning.",
    "Early Game: Delay potion use unless a clear and immediate threat emerges. Focus on observing player behavior and identifying alliances.",
    "Mid-Game: IF a Seer emerges, cautiously follow their lead, independently verifying information.",
    "IF the Witch sees the wolf target, consider it strong evidence of the Witch being a villager. Adjust accordingly."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Initial Observation: Remain silent for at least 30% of the discussion, observing alliances and defensive patterns.",
    "Seer Claim Evaluation: Demand concrete justifications and cross-reference claims. Probe motivations for claiming Seer. IF multiple claim Seer, scrutinize intensely for inconsistencies. Demand specifics if a Seer identifies a wolf.",
    "Accusation Analysis: Note coordinated defenses – HIGHLY suspicious. Prioritize observing who consistently defends another without reasoning. Consider speed and intensity of defenses. Look for patterns of deflection.",
    "Defensiveness Detection: Track players avoiding direct answers or shifting blame. Assess the quality of arguments, not just their volume. IF a player becomes overly defensive when questioned, increase suspicion.",
    "Witch Claim Skepticism: Treat Witch claims with extreme skepticism. Request detailed evidence. Demand specifics about the target IF a Witch claims to have saved someone.",
    "Early Game: Focus on gathering information and identifying patterns. Avoid premature accusations.",
    "Mid-Game: Corroborate Seer information with observed player behavior. Be wary of sudden shifts in alliances. IF a player consistently defends others without reasoning AND avoids answering direct questions, suspect a coordinated wolf strategy.",
    "IF a player attempts to redirect blame onto a Seer immediately after a Seer makes a clear statement, strongly suspect the player is a wolf."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Evidence-Based Voting: Base votes on concrete evidence of manipulation, aggressive accusations, and suspicious alliances.",
    "Seer Guidance: Cautiously follow a reliable Seer’s lead, independently verifying information.",
    "Tie-Breaking: Prioritize exiling the player exhibiting the most suspicious behavior or belonging to the strongest alliance. IF a tie exists, vote for the most disruptive or aggressively defensive player.",
    "Abstain When Uncertain: If lacking sufficient evidence, abstain.",
    "IF a player consistently defends others without reasoning AND avoids answering direct questions, prioritize exiling them."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Analyze the exiled player’s behavior and statements before elimination. Look for patterns of deception.",
    "Assess the impact of the exile on the remaining players. Note any shifts in alliances.",
    "Adjust strategy based on the exiled player’s role and actions."
  ]
}