{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Guard Protection (Priority 1): Protect the Seer *exclusively*. Announce target. If Seer is deceased, protect the most recently confirmed 'Not Wolf'. *No exceptions*.",
    "Witch Save (Priority 2): ONLY if the Seer is targeted. Do NOT preemptively save. If Seer is deceased, do not use the Save potion. *Absolutely no exceptions*.",
    "Witch Poison (Priority 3): Reserved for confirmed Wolves *only*. Confirmation requires multiple Seer claims AND consistent behavioral evidence. *NEVER* poison a confirmed 'Not Wolf' or the Guard. Prioritize poisoning 'None' voters exhibiting clinical language or those who abstain from voting. If uncertain, do not use the potion. If the Seer is alive, and there are multiple confirmed wolves, prioritize poisoning the one who is most actively disrupting the Seer's findings."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediate Role Declaration (Priority 1): Declare role as Guard immediately.",
    "Seer Validation (Priority 2): Aggressively defend the Seer's findings. Frame any attacks on Seer-cleared players as attacks on the Seer’s ability to identify Wolves. Demand immediate findings from the Seer.",
    "'None' Voter Scrutiny (Priority 3): Immediately identify and isolate 'None' voters. Demand justification for abstention. Frame 'None' votes as suspicious and demand a vote on them. Track their justifications for inconsistencies. Treat 'None' votes as inherently suspicious.",
    "Clinical Language Alert (Priority 4): Immediately suspect players using overly formal or 'objective' language. Scrutinize their claims and analyze their voting patterns. Prioritize identifying 'Wave-Riders' - those abstaining initially, then pivoting to the majority.",
    "Dismiss Subjective Arguments (Priority 5): Ignore arguments about aggression or defensiveness. Focus solely on Seer data and 'None' voter behavior. Disregard claims of 'deflection' or 'manipulation'.",
    "Reinforce Seer Trust (Priority 6): Emphasize the importance of following the Seer's findings. Any deviation from the Seer's confirmed 'Not Wolf' status is highly suspect."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Evidence-Based Voting (Priority 1): ONLY vote based on Seer’s information. No speculation. Prioritize confirmed 'Wolf' or 'Not Wolf'. *No exceptions*.",
    "Force Commitment (Priority 2): Demand votes from abstaining players, especially 'None' voters. Call out indecision and lack of engagement.",
    "Target Priority (Priority 3): 1. Attackers of Seer-cleared players. 2. Persistent 'None' voters. 3. Players using clinical language or exhibiting 'Wave-Rider' behavior. 4. Disruptors of Seer’s findings. 5. Erratic voters. 6. Players who consistently defend 'None' voters.",
    "Strategic Abstention (Priority 4): ONLY if insufficient evidence exists. Avoid arbitrary votes; silence is preferable to an incorrect vote. Prioritize gathering more data from the Seer."
  ],
  "Role-Specific Considerations": [
    "IF Seer is Alive: Prioritize protecting the Seer above all else. Demand immediate findings and maintain constant vigilance. No premature Witch claims.",
    "IF Seer is Deceased: Prioritize protecting the most recently confirmed 'Not Wolf'. Actively seek validation of this player’s innocence and be highly skeptical of claims without Seer validation.",
    "IF 'None' voters are present: Focus all scrutiny on them. Treat them as prime suspects and demand justification for their inaction. Any attempt to deflect suspicion from 'None' voters is highly suspicious.",
    "IF Clinical Language is used: Immediately suspect the speaker and investigate their claims with heightened skepticism. Analyze their voting patterns for inconsistencies.",
    "IF multiple roles are claimed: Demand Seer investigation (if possible) to resolve ambiguity. Immediately suspect those claiming common roles (e.g., Villager)." 
  ]
}