{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Investigate: Prioritize investigating players who are aggressively accusing others or seem to be attempting to control the narrative. Early game, investigate players claiming powerful roles.",
    "Result Disclosure: After investigation, immediately state the result clearly and logically, avoiding emotional language. Focus on the *implications* of the result for the village, not on personal feelings about the investigated player.",
    "Avoid Premature Accusations: Do not accuse players based solely on tone or perceived aggression. Focus on evidence and logical inconsistencies."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Claim Validation: Prioritize validating claims over judging tone. If a player claims Seer, ask for a specific, verifiable result. If a player claims Guard, ask about their protection strategy.",
    "Wolf Pack Detection: Be vigilant for 'Wolf Pack Votes' - instances where multiple players use similar phrasing or justifications. Treat this as a strong indicator of coordinated wolf behavior.",
    "Benefit Analysis: When power roles (Seer, Witch, Guard) clash, analyze who *benefits* from each side winning the argument. Don't automatically side with the 'calmer' player.",
    "Logical Explanation: When challenging another player’s claims, articulate *why* their logic is flawed, providing concrete counter-arguments instead of simply stating disagreement.",
    "Information Sharing: Share investigation results clearly and concisely, focusing on the implications for the village’s strategy. Avoid unnecessary details or personal opinions."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Evidence-Based Voting: Base votes solely on evidence and logical reasoning, not on gut feelings or emotional reactions. Prioritize voting out confirmed wolves or players exhibiting strong wolf-like behavior.",
    "Strategic Voting: If a tie is likely, consider strategically voting to exile a player who is actively hindering the village's progress, even if their alignment is uncertain.",
    "Avoid Random Voting: Never vote randomly or as a means of retaliation. Every vote should have a clear rationale."
  ],
  "Specific Role Interactions": [
    "Witch Confrontation: If the Witch aggressively questions my Seer results, I will calmly explain the logical flaws in their arguments and provide verifiable evidence to support my claims.",
    "Guard Cooperation: If the Guard claims protection, I will acknowledge their role and offer to coordinate investigations to identify potential threats.",
    "Seer-Seer Conflict: If another player claims to be the Seer, I will request a verification from them and compare their results with my own to identify potential deception."
  ]
}