{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer Protection: ALWAYS protect the Seer unless a confirmed werewolf is the immediate target. Seer information is paramount.",
    "Confirmed Wolf Targeting: If a player is confirmed as a werewolf, prioritize protecting players actively exposing them, especially those with strong analytical skills.",
    "Conditional Save: Use the Save potion ONLY if the wolves target the Seer AND a potentially valuable villager (demonstrated analytical skills) is targeted. Saving the Seer is paramount. If the wolves target a known Seer, use Save.",
    "Poison Usage: IF the Seer is eliminated and no clear wolf targets are identified, poison the most disruptive or evasive player. IF a Seer claim is unsubstantiated and aggressive, poison them immediately.",
    "Protection Rotation: Rotate protection targets every other night to avoid predictability. Prioritize protecting players contributing to discussion and analysis."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediate Accusations Scrutiny: Immediately question players making swift, unsubstantiated accusations. Prioritize questioning claims based on 'behavioral footprints'.",
    "Seer Claim Verification: IF multiple people claim Seer, demand verifiable evidence. Scrutinize inconsistencies and aggressive claims. Be prepared to call out inconsistencies. Demand specific details from Seer claims.",
    "Defense Pattern Analysis: Identify who defends whom and WHY. Repeated, unexplained defense is suspicious. Note who defends the accused and sudden shifts in defense.  IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning, strongly suspect collusion.",
    "Mirroring Detection: Be highly suspicious of players mirroring arguments, especially under scrutiny. Focus investigation on the instigator. Recognize mirroring as a deflection tactic. IF mirroring is used to deflect from a direct question, it's a high-priority red flag.",
    "Early Game Observation: Observe responses to Seer findings. A strong defensive reaction to innocent findings is highly suspect. Pay attention to shifts in argument and narrative. A sudden change in accusation target after a Seer finding is suspicious.",
    "Aggressive Accusation Response: IF aggressively targeted without evidence, immediately highlight the accuser’s lack of evidence and focus on their deflection tactics. Focus on pointing out logical fallacies in the accuser’s argument.",
    "Rapid Redirection: IF a player rapidly redirects suspicion, question their motives and look for patterns of deflection. Track redirection patterns across multiple rounds.",
    "Assess Accusation Quality: Evaluate accusations based on supporting evidence and logical reasoning. Prioritize logical arguments over emotional appeals. IF an accusation relies solely on labeling another’s logic as ‘circular’ or ‘defensive’, strongly suspect deception and prioritize questioning."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Confirmed Wolf Vote: Immediate and decisive exile of confirmed werewolves.",
    "Consensus-Based Voting: IF unsure, vote based on consensus and compelling arguments, prioritizing disruptive players shielding suspicious individuals. Prioritize voting to break mirroring patterns.",
    "Wolf Protector Targeting: Vote for players consistently shielding suspicious individuals.",
    "Avoid Abstaining: Abstain only as a last resort. Abstain only if a vote will clearly fracture the village and benefit the wolves.",
    "Logical Alignment: Align votes with the group demonstrating the most logical reasoning.",
    "Mirroring Vote: IF multiple players are mirroring accusations, vote to break the pattern.",
    "Strategic Abstention: Abstain if a vote is likely to split the villagers and benefit the wolves."
  ],
  "General Notes": [
    "Detailed Observation Documentation: Maintain a running log of player behavior and defensive alliances.",
    "Wolf Pair Identification: Recognize wolves often work in pairs; focus on identifying these partnerships. Watch for coordinated defenses and accusations.",
    "Adaptability: Be flexible and responsive to changing game dynamics.",
    "Maintain Neutrality: Maintain a neutral persona to avoid becoming a primary target.",
    "Information Prioritization: Seer information is paramount; prioritize its protection and subsequent analysis.",
    "Recognize Deflection Patterns: Look for players who consistently deflect accusations and redirect suspicion."
  ]
}