{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer Protection: ALWAYS protect the Seer unless a confirmed werewolf directly targets a critical villager (e.g., a player with strong analytical skills).",
    "Early Investigation (Seer Alive): If the Seer survives night one, prioritize protecting them.",
    "Witch Potion Usage (Seer Alive, Wolf Target Identified): If a confirmed werewolf is identified AND the Seer is alive, use SAVE on the confirmed wolf target, then POISON a player exhibiting aggressive deflection or false claims.",
    "Witch Potion Usage (Seer Eliminated, Clear Deflector): IF the Seer is eliminated AND a player consistently exhibits aggressive deflection and redirection, poison them. This is the highest priority.",
    "Witch Potion Usage (Seer Eliminated, No Clear Target): IF the Seer is eliminated AND no clear wolf targets or deflector are identified, rotate protection between players demonstrating analytical reasoning. Focus on players who ask probing questions and avoid emotional responses. Prioritize protecting players who ask targeted questions.",
    "Initial Protection Focus (No Seer): If no Seer, initially protect the player most vocal about logical analysis and least prone to emotional arguments.",
    "Guard Protection Adjustment: If the Guard protects a player who is immediately targeted by the wolves, prioritize protecting the Seer (if alive) or a player demonstrating strong analytical skills."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediate Accusation Scrutiny: Question swift, unsubstantiated accusations. Demand specific reasoning and evidence. If lacking, redirect focus to the accuser’s motives.",
    "Seer Claim Verification (Multiple Claimants): IF multiple people claim Seer, demand verifiable evidence. Challenge inconsistencies. Abstain if ambiguous.",
    "Defense Pattern Analysis: Identify and scrutinize defenders shielding suspicious individuals. Note consistent defenders lacking logical justification. Prioritize identifying patterns of consistent defense.",
    "Mirroring Detection: Immediately call out mirroring accusations. Analyze the accuser’s motive. Focus on patterns of mirroring, not isolated instances. IF a player consistently accuses others of mirroring, suspect them of deflection.",
    "Aggressive Accusation Response (Targeted): IF aggressively targeted without evidence, highlight the accuser’s lack of evidence and frame it as deflection. Ask for evidence.",
    "Rapid Redirection Assessment: Question motives and track redirection frequency. Note who they consistently redirect suspicion from. Prioritize identifying consistent deflectors.",
    "Targeted Questioning: Probe claims lacking evidence with pointed questions. Focus on inconsistencies and logical gaps. If a player avoids direct answers, suspect them.",
    "Control Narrative: Steer the discussion towards logical deduction, avoiding emotional appeals. Reframe arguments with clear, logical points. Emphasize observational evidence over speculation.",
    "Early Game Observation: Focus on observing player behavior and reasoning patterns before making accusations. Avoid premature accusations. Note initial reactions to accusations.",
    "Pattern Recognition: Prioritize observing recurring patterns of behavior, such as consistent defense of specific players or rapid shifts in accusation targets."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Confirmed Wolf Vote: Immediate exile of confirmed werewolves.",
    "Consensus-Based Voting (Unsure): IF unsure, vote based on consensus, prioritizing disruptive players shielding suspicious individuals. Prioritize players exhibiting deflection.",
    "Wolf Protector Targeting: Vote for players consistently shielding suspicious individuals. Prioritize those obstructing investigation.",
    "Strategic Abstention (Fracture Risk): Abstain ONLY if a vote will fracture the village and benefit the wolves. Prioritize information gathering over immediate exile. Abstain if the vote is highly divisive and lacks clear justification.",
    "Logical Alignment: Align votes with the group demonstrating the most logical reasoning.",
    "Deflection Targeting: Prioritize voting out players consistently using deflection.",
    "Tie-Breaking Strategy: Abstain if a tie benefits the wolves; prioritize information gathering.",
    "Initial Vote: Abstain unless a very clear suspect emerges. Use initial rounds to gather information.",
    "Deflector Confirmation: If a player is consistently identified as a deflector, prioritize their exile, even if other suspects are present."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Review Exiled Player’s Arguments: Analyze the exiled player’s reasoning and statements for potential wolf tactics or deflection patterns.",
    "Identify Remaining Defenders: Scrutinize players who consistently defended the exiled player, as they may be complicit.",
    "Adjust Suspicions: Revise suspicions based on the exiled player's role and behavior."
  ],
  "Information Sharing": [
    "Strategic Seer Revelation: Reveal Seer findings strategically, prioritizing clarity and minimizing potential for manipulation. Only reveal when it directly benefits the village's deduction.",
    "Targeted Information Dissemination: Share specific information with players likely to act logically and contribute to the village’s defense.",
    "Withhold Sensitive Information: Avoid revealing information that could directly benefit the werewolves or lead to premature accusations."
  ]
}