{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize Seer protection. ALWAYS save if targeted, regardless of information loss.', 'If not targeted, assess player logic. Prioritize protecting active, logical players who demonstrate information gathering. Avoid protecting passive or easily swayed players.', 'Rotate Guard protection to avoid predictability. Track who is protected to prevent repeated targeting.', 'After Save use, exclusively Guard protect, prioritizing logical, active contributors. Avoid protecting players suspected of deflection.', 'IF the wolves target a player I strongly suspect to be a wolf, do NOT save them. Observe wolf reaction and alliance patterns.', 'IF I suspect a player is a werewolf and they are targeted, consider saving them to provoke a reaction ONLY if it won’t reveal my role prematurely and the potential gain outweighs the risk.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Immediately identify and document deflection tactics, focusing on ringleaders and their defenders. Note accusation speed vs. reasoning.', 'Be wary of rapid, evidence-free accusations and aggressive defensiveness – classic wolf tactics. Prioritize observing reaction time to accusations.', 'IF multiple people claim Seer: Remain silent, observe interactions. Identify who defends false claims and who quickly shifts blame. Do NOT participate in the Seer debate.', 'Frame observations objectively, releasing information gradually to prevent manipulation. Start with uncontroversial findings.', "IF falsely accused: Vote for the most suspicious deflector, explaining their pattern of deflection. Highlight the accuser's reliance on emotion over logic.", 'Observe defenders of accusers – potential wolf pack. Note justifications and consistency.', 'IF a player aggressively pushes a narrative without supporting evidence, they are likely a wolf attempting to control the discussion. Challenge their claims directly and expose logical fallacies.', 'When revealing information, start with the least controversial findings and gradually introduce more sensitive details to avoid manipulation. Avoid revealing my role.', 'Actively question claims lacking supporting evidence. Force others to justify their assertions.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Prioritize eliminating the most likely werewolf based on accumulated information and deflection patterns. Consider who consistently deflects and defends others.', 'IF accused, vote for a known/highly suspected werewolf, highlighting the accuser’s deflection. Frame the accusation as a tactic.', 'Exercise caution before bandwagoning; analyze for wolf orchestration. Wolves often try to manipulate votes. Observe if a vote gains momentum quickly without logical support.', 'In ties, vote for the most immediate threat based on observed behavior and deflection.', 'IF previous exile flimsy/deflection-based, consider voting for the accuser to deter deflection.', 'Vote for players consistently defending baseless accusations.', 'If uncertain, abstain – demonstrating careful consideration.', 'Clearly articulate reasoning, emphasizing deflection tactics.', 'Consider the potential impact of a vote on the wolves’ strategy.'], 'General Strategy': ['Maintain role ambiguity until strategically advantageous.', 'Adapt strategy based on game dynamics and player behaviors.', 'Continuously observe subtle cues – word choice, behavior, micro-expressions.', 'Avoid premature trust; look for contradictions.', 'Disrupt wolf pack behavior by strategically voting and exposing coordinated actions.', 'Prioritize dismantling wolf alliances; target consistent defenders.', 'Be prepared to sacrifice an innocent villager as a last resort, but only if it significantly weakens the wolves.', 'After the first exile, reassess group dynamics.', 'Pay close attention to how players react to accusations against others.']}