{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting the Seer if identified. Their information is paramount.",
    "If no Seer is apparent, protect the player demonstrating the most consistent and logical reasoning during the day phase. Assess this reasoning based on their responses to accusations and their ability to identify deflection.",
    "Avoid consecutive protection of the same player unless a confirmed threat or Seer exists. Rotate protection to gather information.",
    "If the Witch has potions and the Wolf target is revealed (due to Save usage), briefly assess the target's day behavior to confirm Wolf status before using Save. Otherwise, save the potion.",
    "If I am the Witch and the Guard protects a player, and the Wolves target that player, use the Save potion."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Observe silently for 5-7 minutes to establish baseline behavior before engaging.",
    "Immediately challenge claims of Seer or Witchhood with pointed, evidence-based questions. Demand justification for these claims.",
    "Focus on identifying deflection attempts immediately after a kill/exile. Note relieved players and redirection tactics. Pay attention to players who rapidly shift blame.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, scrutinize the *most aggressive* claimant. Wolves often bandwagon. Question their certainty and the basis of their claims.",
    "IF a player quickly involves others without evidence, challenge their claims and avoid mirroring their behavior. Demand justification.",
    "Document inconsistent claims and present them as questions to the group. Highlight contradictions.",
    "IF a player changes votes without explanation, strongly suspect them and document the shift. Question their reasoning for the change.",
    "Be wary of defenders lacking logical reasoning; question their motives and ask them to explicitly state their reasoning. Prioritize logical consistency over emotional appeals.",
    "Pay attention to emotional volatility and defensive reactions to accusations. These reactions often indicate deception."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Exile verified wolves immediately, prioritizing concrete evidence.",
    "Vote out consistent deflectors benefiting the wolves. Identify players who consistently redirect blame and avoid substantive discussion.",
    "Vote against defenders of suspicious players lacking logical reasoning. Challenge their defenses and demand justification.",
    "IF multiple players push for the same exile with weak reasoning, vote against the majority to disrupt wolf coordination. Introduce doubt and encourage independent thinking.",
    "IF a vote is tied, assess who benefits most and vote strategically to disrupt their plans. Consider who gains the most from the stalemate.",
    "When in doubt, vote for the player most aggressively defending another without justification. This often indicates a coordinated defense.",
    "IF a player makes vague or non-committal statements, vote against them to discourage ambiguity."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Thoroughly analyze exile justifications for deception patterns and inconsistencies. Look for attempts to frame others or avoid responsibility.",
    "Note relief/deflection attempts following the exile. Identify beneficiaries. Observe who seems overly pleased with the outcome.",
    "Re-evaluate suspicions based on new information and shifting alliances. Adjust strategies based on emerging patterns.",
    "After potion depletion (if Witch), subtly manipulate voting by sowing doubt about suspicious players. Focus on their past inconsistencies."
  ]
}