{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize saving the Seer if SAVE is available. Accurate information is paramount.",
    "If wolves target a player demonstrating manipulative behavior (deflection, narrative control) AND SAVE is available, save them. Eliminating such players hinders the village’s ability to identify wolves.  This proved effective in disrupting early narrative control.",
    "If SAVE is unavailable, prioritize protecting a confirmed Villager. Avoid wasting the potion. If unsure, abstain.",
    "IF targeted, assume framing. Focus defense on others’ inconsistencies and redirect attention.  My quick elimination suggests this strategy needs refinement.",
    "If the Seer is alive and SAVE is available, consider saving a player who is actively gathering information and articulating their reasoning clearly.  This promotes informed discussion.",
    "If targeted and SAVE is unavailable, prioritize protecting a player who has demonstrated strong analytical skills and logical reasoning, even if their role is uncertain."]
  ,
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Early Game: Observe silently, identifying patterns of alliance and defensiveness. Note who defends whom without logical reasoning. Do not make accusations.",
    "Analyze defensiveness for logical fallacies. Challenge claims lacking evidence, using Socratic questioning to expose weaknesses. This is crucial.",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer, rigorously question their claims, demanding verifiable information and consistent reasoning. Expose hoax Seers by highlighting inconsistencies and failures to accurately predict.  This is paramount.",
    "IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning or offers circular justifications, strongly suspect them. Question their motivations and past voting behavior.",
    "IF a player consistently attempts to deflect blame, explicitly call out deflection tactics and provide counter-examples of their flawed reasoning. Highlight their attempts to control the narrative. This was effective, but needs more nuance.",
    "Pay close attention to players accusing without providing evidence or exhibiting emotional reasoning. Challenge their claims with logical counter-arguments.",
    "Identify and expose coordinated defenses; publicly point out the lack of independent reasoning. Look for mirroring accusations and voting patterns.",
    "IF targeted, remain calm, redirect focus to others’ inconsistencies, and highlight logical fallacies in accusers’ arguments. Frame accusations as attempts to control the narrative and sow discord. My framing attempts were unsuccessful.",
    "Focus on the 'why' behind defenses and accusations. Probe for underlying motivations and hidden agendas. This is essential for uncovering wolf strategies."]
  ,
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Initial Round: Abstain unless a clear suspect emerges based on observed behavior and logical inconsistencies. Gather more information.",
    "Subsequent Rounds: Vote based on manipulative behavior, narrative control, or suspicious alliances. Prioritize players steering votes and creating confusion.",
    "Avoid Ties: If a tie is likely, vote for the greatest perceived threat. If unsure, abstain.",
    "Hoax Seer: Swiftly vote against anyone claiming Seer with dubious claims and inconsistent reasoning.",
    "IF a clear wolf is identified, ensure a decisive vote. Build consensus before voting to avoid splitting the vote. Critical for final eliminations.",
    "Prioritize voting against those who consistently deflect blame, even if it means potentially misidentifying a Villager. The risk of letting a wolf continue to manipulate is greater than misidentifying a single Villager. This remains a key principle."]
  ,
  "General Strategy": [
    "Delay revealing role unless it demonstrably benefits the village. Gather more information first.",
    "Focus on identifying patterns of deception and coordinated behavior, not just individual accusations.",
    "Consider the context of accusations; wolves often try to frame innocent players. Analyze accuser motivations.",
    "Re-evaluate assumptions frequently based on new information. Be open to changing my mind, especially if presented with compelling counter-evidence.",
    "Maintain a neutral demeanor until sufficient information is gathered. Project objectivity and avoid emotional responses.  This is crucial for maintaining credibility.",
    "Track voting patterns and analyze alliances to identify coordinated wolf behavior. Publicly call out voting blocs and their logical inconsistencies.",
    "IF SAVE is used, immediately shift focus to scrutinizing the saved player’s behavior. Their actions will be under heightened suspicion, and their justifications require careful examination.  This is a critical adjustment."]
}