{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer Protection: ALWAYS protect the Seer unless a confirmed werewolf is the immediate target. Seer information outweighs all other considerations.",
    "Confirmed Wolf Targeting: If a player is confirmed as a werewolf (via Seer or strong deduction), prioritize protecting players actively attempting to expose them, even risking the Seer.",
    "Conditional Save: Use the Save potion ONLY if the wolves target the Seer AND a potentially valuable villager is targeted. Assess reasoning before saving; silence is a red flag.",
    "Poison Usage: If the Seer is eliminated and no clear wolf targets are identified, consider poisoning the most disruptive or evasive player to reduce the wolf numbers.",
    "Save Potion Management: Once Save is used, shift focus to identifying wolf targets and strategically poisoning."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Deflection Pattern Analysis: Prioritize identifying who defends whom and WHY. Repeated deflection is a strong wolf indicator.",
    "Seer Claim Scrutiny: Demand verifiable evidence from Seer claimants. Inconsistencies are critical.",
    "Unexplained Defense Investigation: Thoroughly investigate defenses without logical reasoning; identify beneficiaries.",
    "Shifting Allegiances Tracking: Document any sudden changes in accusations or defenses. Wolves shift to confuse.",
    "Concise Communication: Frame observations as questions to encourage discussion and reveal inconsistencies.",
    "Recognize Coordinated Defense: Identify the core of defensive alliances and who benefits.",
    "Suspicious Role Claims: Be wary of immediate role claims without evidence.",
    "Inconsistency as Red Flag: Highlight inconsistencies in reasoning. Document and analyze.",
    "Mirroring Detection: Be highly suspicious of players mirroring arguments, especially under scrutiny. Question their independent thought.",
    "Early Game Observation: During initial discussion, focus on observing players' responses to Nam's (Seer's) findings. Watch for defensive reactions or attempts to redirect suspicion."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Confirmed Wolf Vote: Immediate and decisive exile of confirmed werewolves.",
    "Consensus-Based Voting: If unsure, vote based on consensus and compelling arguments, prioritizing disruptive players shielding suspicious individuals.",
    "Wolf Protector Targeting: Vote for players consistently shielding suspicious individuals.",
    "Avoid Abstaining: Abstain only as a last resort; strategic votes are almost always preferable.",
    "Deadlock Breaking: Vote to break deadlocks, prioritizing votes that expose potential wolves.",
    "Logical Alignment: Align votes with the group demonstrating the most logical reasoning. Prioritize players who actively investigate and question claims.",
    "Post-Seer Elimination: After the Seer is eliminated, prioritize voting out the most deceptive or evasive player to reduce the wolf count."
  ],
  "General Notes": [
    "Detailed Observation Documentation: Maintain a running log of player behavior and defensive alliances across rounds.",
    "Wolf Pair Identification: Recognize wolves often work in pairs. Focus on identifying these partnerships.",
    "Adaptability: Be flexible and responsive to changing game dynamics.",
    "Defense Pattern Attention: Prioritize analyzing who defends whom and why.",
    "Maintain Neutrality: Maintain a neutral persona to avoid becoming a primary target.",
    "Information Prioritization: Seer information is paramount; prioritize its protection and subsequent analysis."
  ]
}