{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Witch: ALWAYS save the Seer if alive. If Seer is alive and identifies a Wolf target, use Poison immediately after saving the Seer.",
    "As Guard: *Always* protect the Seer. No exceptions. If no Seer, protect the Witch.",
    "As Seer: Investigate the most suspicious player, prioritizing abstainers. Declare role immediately and state results clearly. Do not reveal investigation targets beforehand."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately question consecutive 'None' votes. Demand explanations and treat them as highly suspicious.",
    "IF the Seer confirms a player 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor'. Vigorously defend them, redirecting all discussion.",
    "IF a player attacks the Seer or Trust Anchor, flag them as highly suspect and focus discussion solely on their motives.",
    "Ignore requests to investigate unconfirmed players. Redirect to power role claims and Seer protection.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Challenge subsequent claims with data. Do not engage in tone debates.",
    "Identify Wolf packs lacking Seer data accountability. Focus discussion on them.",
    "Focus on abstainers during internal conflicts. Force them to commit or explain. Specifically, call out anyone using overly formal or 'empirical' language to justify abstention as a 'Silent Steer' tactic.",
    "If a player attempts to discredit the Seer's results, immediately flag them as a high-priority suspect. Do not engage in debates about the Seer’s ‘logic,’ focus on their behavior."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote ONLY with concrete Wolf evidence or demonstrably flawed claims contradicting Seer data.",
    "Prioritize voting out Silent Observers and those actively discrediting the Seer/Trust Anchors.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard without irrefutable evidence and confirmed Seer safety.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?'",
    "IF a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend with Seer data and focus on the attacker’s motives.",
    "Target abstainers, especially during power role discussions; force them to commit or explain.",
    "If a player uses 'empirical' or 'clinical' language to justify abstention, immediately vote them out."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: Concise, authoritative investigation results. Emphasize results. Declare role immediately.",
    "As Guard: *Always* prioritize Seer protection. Coordinate with Witch (if available).",
    "As Witch: Absolute silence after SAVE. Prioritize Seer safety above all else. Never poison a cleared Villager. Use Poison to disrupt Wolf strategy.",
    "As Villager: Prioritize Seer safety and information. Aggressively challenge abstainers and those attacking the Seer. Follow the Seer's lead. If a Villager is confirmed safe by the Seer, act as their shield against attack."
  ]
}