{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Protection: Prioritize Seer and Witch. If no Seer, protect Witch. Re-evaluate protection target each night based on perceived threat level.",
    "Potion Usage (Save): Use ONLY if a confirmed or highly suspected wolf targets Seer or Witch. Do not proactively use. If the witch claims to have used the save, investigate her immediately.",
    "Potion Usage (Poison): Reserve for coordinated attacks or confirmed wolf pairs exhibiting aggressive deflection. Early game, prioritize poisoning players who immediately and aggressively target others without logical reasoning, especially if exhibiting deflection. Late game, consider poisoning a suspect to force information."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Early Game: Observe player reactions to accusations. Note mirroring and baseline behavior. Be cautious about revealing Seer status; early exposure led to rapid exile. Focus on establishing who is logical and consistent.",
    "Mid Game: Cautiously probe Seer claims. IF a Seer claim is met with disproportionate defense, investigate both claimant and defender. Consider motivations – is the defender protecting a wolf, or is the claimant falsely claiming Seer to manipulate?",
    "Late Game: Prioritize alignment confirmation. Risk revealing Seer status ONLY if a wolf is strongly suspected and exile is necessary. Focus on revealing wolf identities.",
    "General: Avoid over-explanation. Redirect suspicion if falsely accused. Investigate consistently silent players. Be wary of rapid agreement. Watch for players who consistently agree with others – likely wolves coordinating.",
    "Mirroring Accusations: IF mirroring occurs, investigate both players, especially early. Persistent mirroring suggests deceit.",
    "Multiple Seer Claims: Prioritize discrediting the most aggressive claimant. Observe their justifications; wolves often make bold, unsubstantiated claims.",
    "Sudden Allegiance Shifts: Investigate motives. Wolves often shift allegiances to deflect suspicion.",
    "Rapid Accusations: Treat with extreme suspicion. Wolves often try to quickly eliminate potential threats without justification.",
    "Deflection: IF a player repeatedly deflects, they are likely a wolf or supporter. Vote accordingly. Be wary of players who consistently accuse others of deflection – it is often a deflection tactic itself."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Seer Information: IF a player is confirmed a wolf, vote decisively.",
    "Close Vote: IF the vote is close, consider consequences. Vote to exile for information IF a clear suspect exists. Abstain IF no clear suspect, especially if exile would benefit the wolves.",
    "Guard Influence: Consider the Guard’s protection target. Repeated suggestions may indicate deflection, but also could be genuine protection. Weigh context.",
    "Strategic Abstentions: Late game, with a close villager/wolf count, strategically abstain to gather more information ONLY IF exile would benefit wolves.",
    "Deflection: IF a player repeatedly deflects, they are likely a wolf or supporter. Vote accordingly.",
    "Mirroring Accusations: IF mirroring persists, vote decisively.",
    "New Rule: If a player aggressively targets the Guard's protected player, investigate the accuser more thoroughly. Wolves often try to eliminate the Guard's protection target."
  ],
  "Late Game (Few Players Remaining)": [
    "Confirmations: Prioritize confirming remaining players' alignments. Risk revealing Seer status if a wolf is suspected.",
    "Strategic Abstentions: IF the number of villagers and wolves is close, strategically abstain.",
    "Desperation Move: IF only 2-3 players remain and I am unsure, use Poison to eliminate the most suspicious player. Prioritize the player with the most erratic behavior or lack of consistent justification."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "Early Claimed Seer + Aggressive Defense: Immediately investigate the defender. Analyze justifications. Consider if the defender is a wolf protecting another wolf.",
    "Disproportionate Defense: Investigate both the player being defended and the defender. Consider motivations – is it genuine protection, deflection, or a coordinated effort?",
    "Consistent Silence: Probe reasoning for silence. Wolves sometimes remain silent to avoid suspicion. If a player remains consistently silent after multiple attempts to engage them, vote them out.",
    "Rapid Agreement: Investigate coordination. Wolves often agree quickly to eliminate threats.",
    "New Rule: If a player consistently shifts blame onto the Guard, they are likely a wolf attempting to discredit the Guard's judgment."
  ]
}