{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize SAVE if a confirmed villager (Seer/Witch intel) is targeted. This remains paramount.', 'If target is unknown and Save is unavailable, prioritize POISON on players exhibiting immediate, aggressive, and *unsupported* accusations following an elimination – a key deflection tactic. Focus on those creating immediate division.', 'Avoid predictable patterns; alternate between SAVE and POISON targets to maintain ambiguity, unless a clear villager is in danger.', 'IF both wolves are targeting the same player, prioritize saving that player, regardless of alignment. Wolves often coordinate targets; this is a high-probability scenario.', 'Be extremely cautious about using Save if the targeted player has been consistently deflecting or attempting to control the narrative. Wolves may bait the Witch. Observe their reaction closely after a Save.', 'If the Save potion has been used, prioritize POISON on players exhibiting coordinated behavior or attempting to control the narrative.', 'IF the Witch sees the wolf target (Save potion available), prioritize POISON on players exhibiting coordinated behavior or attempting to control the narrative.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Early Game: Observe accusations and defenses. Note immediate wolf accusations post-elimination; these are often deflections.', 'Mid-Game: Challenge circular reasoning. Demand specific reasoning from Guards; vague explanations are highly suspicious.', 'IF multiple people claim Seer: Directly challenge their claims to force contradictions. Demand proof.', 'IF Guard claims protection: Demand *specific* reasoning. Probe for inconsistencies. Cross-reference with observed behavior.', 'IF Accused: Defend logically, pointing out flaws in accusers’ arguments. Redirect suspicion to those exhibiting manipulative behavior.', 'Watch for players labeling victims as wolves *immediately* after elimination – a deflection tactic. Call it out directly.', 'When questioned about my Seer results (if applicable), remain deliberately vague; prompt others to explain their reasoning.', 'Actively seek to identify players who consistently echo each other’s arguments without providing independent reasoning; these are likely wolves.', "Pay close attention to coordinated voting or defense patterns; identify 'echo chambers' of support.", "IF a player consistently defends another without offering independent reasoning, probe their motives: 'Why?' repeatedly.", 'IF a player attempts to control the narrative or dismisses alternative viewpoints, increase suspicion.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Early Game: Strategically eliminate obvious threats or disrupt potential wolf alliances.', 'Mid-Game: Prioritize suspected werewolves based on discussion and information, focusing on deflections and coordinated voting.', 'Late Game: Decisive elimination of remaining wolves, even at personal risk.', 'Avoid being the sole voter; align votes to build consensus.', 'IF a tie is likely and the exile is a suspected werewolf, vote randomly to break the tie.', 'IF voting alone, ensure reasoning is exceptionally clear and logically sound.', 'Prioritize disrupting coordinated voting patterns.', 'IF a player consistently attempts to manipulate the vote, prioritize their elimination.'], 'General Strategy': ['Maintain a consistent, logical approach to reasoning and accusations.', 'Be wary of players who aggressively defend others without offering independent reasoning.', 'Document observations about player behavior to identify patterns.', 'If pressured to vote quickly, request clarification.', "Recognize 'performative caution' as a deflection tactic.", 'If Save is unavailable and a player is exhibiting deflection, prioritize Poison. Prioritize the most aggressive or coordinated deflector.']}