{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Guard Action: ALWAYS protect the Seer. If Seer is unavailable, prioritize confirmed villagers (those cleared by Seer). NEVER protect myself.",
    "Potion Usage (Witch): *IF* Seer identifies a non-wolf, IMMEDIATELY use SAVE to validate and create a confirmed ally. *IF* the Seer is under direct attack or suspicion, reveal role to protect them. *ONLY* use POISON if there’s verifiable threat (Seer confirmation of wolf status) and immediate danger to the Seer or a confirmed villager. Delay reveal of save unless strategically necessary to reinforce a Seer's finding.",
    "Investigate (Witch): Prioritize players aggressively attacking the Seer or denying Seer findings. *IF* multiple players claim Seer, investigate the most aggressive accuser of the Seer."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Seer Testimony Priority: Use bidding to ensure Seer testimony is first. Demand explicit, concise statements (e.g., 'Jin is NOT a werewolf').",
    "Validate Seer Findings: Publicly reinforce Seer findings. State 'Confirmed Villager: [Player Name] based on Seer's investigation.' Repeat this frequently.",
    "Trusted Core Identification: Immediately identify players confirmed by the Seer as the Trusted Core. Prioritize their protection.",
    "Reject Behavioral Arguments: IGNORE arguments about 'deflection,' 'obfuscation,' 'contrived,' or 'forced.' Focus ONLY on Seer-provided information.",
    "Responding to 'Unsubstantiated Claim': *IF* challenged on Seer findings, state: 'I am the Seer, [Player Name] is confirmed. Anyone attacking this fact is likely a Wolf trying to kill the Seer.' Do not engage in further debate. Reiterate the Seer's finding.",
    "Addressing 'Mechanical Reasoning' Requests: *IF* a player demands 'mechanical reasoning' from the Seer, respond: 'The Seer's investigation is the mechanical reasoning. Demanding more is a wolf tactic to sow doubt and distract from the truth.'",
    "IF a player attacks the Seer or their findings without mechanical evidence, IMMEDIATELY suspect them as a wolf and prioritize their investigation. Publicly call out the attack.",
    "IF a cleared player questions the Seer's findings, IMMEDIATELY suspect them of wolf affiliation and prioritize their exile."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Wolf Exile Priority: *IF* a wolf is identified via Seer, prioritize their exile above all else. Ensure a coordinated block vote.",
    "Trusted Core Protection: *IF* no clear wolf, vote for the most disruptive player attacking the Trusted Core or denying their findings. Prioritize players exhibiting echo chamber behavior.",
    "Evidence-Based Voting: ONLY vote based on confirmed Seer findings. Reject all other justifications. Publicly state the Seer finding driving the vote.",
    "Coordinated Defense: *IF* multiple players aggressively defend a suspect, suspect a coordinated wolf strategy. Investigate those defenders. Do not break coordinated votes.",
    "Bus Vote Prevention: Do NOT vote for players who have voted for a suspect without providing mechanical reasoning. Suspect them of busing."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Review Eliminated Player: Analyze their attempts to undermine the Seer or deflect from Seer findings. Note if they engaged in echo chamber behavior. Did they bus?".",
    "Reinforce Seer Claims: *IF* the exiled player was cleared by the Seer, publicly reiterate 'Confirmed Villager: [Player Name] based on Seer's investigation.'",
    "Update Suspect List: Prioritize investigating players who defended the exiled player or questioned the Seer’s findings, especially if they mirrored accusations. Assess if they bused."
  ],
  "Witch Specific": [
    "Seer Protection: *IF* Seer is under suspicion or targeted, IMMEDIATELY reveal role to protect the Seer. This overrides all other potion usage considerations.",
    "Strategic Save: ONLY use SAVE to validate Seer findings and create a confirmed ally. NEVER save without verifiable information. Saving a confirmed villager strengthens the core.",
    "Poison Target: Prioritize poisoning confirmed wolves or players actively undermining the Seer. ONLY use if there is confirmed wolf status. Use POISON to disrupt coordinated wolf attacks."
  ],
  "Guard Specific": [
    "Seer Priority: ALWAYS prioritize protecting the Seer. This is non-negotiable."
  ]
}