{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection if targeted; ALWAYS save, regardless of information loss. This is non-negotiable.",
    "If not targeted, prioritize protecting players demonstrating logical reasoning and actively questioning the Guard, especially those challenging aggressive accusations. Active players over passive ones.",
    "Rotate Guard protection; track protected players to avoid predictable patterns. Avoid consecutive protection of the same player. Maintain a protection log. If a player is consistently targeted and protected, they are likely a key target for the wolves. Consider protecting them to disrupt the wolves' strategy.",
    "IF wolves target a suspected wolf, DO NOT save; observe reactions and the subsequent discussion. This provides valuable intel on wolf coordination and potential alliances. Note who defends the targeted wolf.",
    "IF the Guard repeatedly protects the same player (frequency exceeding 3), strongly suspect Wolf. Flag this behavior and aggressively question the Guard's reasoning.",
    "IF the Guard protects a suspected wolf, DO NOT save the target; observe reactions and the protected player’s behavior under scrutiny. This tests their loyalty. Note if the protected player aggressively defends the Guard."]
  ,
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately identify and document deflection tactics, focusing on ringleaders and their defenders. Note consistent redirection and mirroring. Prioritize exposing the ringleader.",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer, remain silent and observe. Identify defenders of false claims and those shifting blame. Note aggressive defenders. Focus on identifying inconsistencies in Seer claims, especially rapid accusations.",
    "Frame observations objectively, releasing information gradually. Avoid premature conclusions. Focus on presenting logical inconsistencies rather than accusatory statements.",
    "IF falsely accused, vote for the most suspicious deflector, highlighting their deflection pattern. Prioritize deflectors aggressively pushing false narratives.",
    "Observe defenders of accusers – potential wolf pack. Note justifications and consistency. Strong, evidence-free defense is a red flag. Pay close attention to the speed and consistency of their defense.",
    "IF a player aggressively pushes a narrative without evidence, challenge their claims and expose logical fallacies. Demand reasoning. Note if their reasoning changes or becomes circular. Look for circular logic and shifting goalposts.",
    "Release information gradually, starting with least controversial findings to build credibility.",
    "Actively question claims lacking evidence; demand reasoning. Probe for inconsistencies and contradictions. Focus on tangible evidence, not conjecture.",
    "Focus on inconsistencies in reasoning and contradictions. Wolves struggle with long-term deception. Prioritize exposing these contradictions.",
    "Prioritize identifying coordinated defense patterns between multiple players. Look for mirroring and shared justifications. If mirroring exists, suspect a wolf pack. Note the *speed* of the mirroring – wolves tend to react quickly and consistently. Also, note if the mirroring includes defending illogical statements."]
  ,
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize eliminating the most likely werewolf based on accumulated information and deflection patterns. Always have a primary target. If multiple suspects, prioritize the one with the most coordinated defense.",
    "IF accused, vote for a known/highly suspected werewolf, highlighting the accuser’s deflection.",
    "Exercise caution before bandwagoning; analyze for wolf orchestration. Delay voting if possible to gather more information. Only bandwagon if a clear majority is forming and the target is highly suspicious, and the reasoning is sound.",
    "In ties, vote for the most immediate threat based on observed behavior.",
    "IF previous exile flimsy/deflection-based, consider voting for the accuser.",
    "Vote for players consistently defending baseless accusations. They are likely protecting someone.",
    "If uncertain, abstain to avoid a disastrous exile.",
    "Clearly articulate reasoning, emphasizing deflection tactics and inconsistencies. Be concise and avoid ambiguity.",
    "Consider the impact of a vote on the wolves’ strategy. Disrupt their plans. If wolves are clearly targeting a specific player, vote against them to sow discord.",
    "If multiple players demonstrate a coordinated defense of a single player, prioritize eliminating that player. This is likely a wolf pack."]
  ,
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain role ambiguity. Avoid revealing thought process until strategically advantageous.",
    "Adapt strategy based on game dynamics. Be flexible and responsive to changing circumstances.",
    "Continuously observe subtle cues. Pay attention to non-verbal communication and micro-expressions.",
    "Avoid premature trust. Maintain skepticism and critically evaluate all information.",
    "Disrupt wolf pack behavior. Challenge narratives and expose inconsistencies.",
    "Be prepared to sacrifice an innocent villager as a last resort to eliminate a significant wolf threat. This is a calculated risk, not a default action.",
    "After the first exile, reassess group dynamics. Note who defended the exiled player and how. This provides insight into potential alliances.",
    "Pay close attention to player reactions to accusations. Note defensiveness and emotional responses.",
    "Focus on identifying patterns of quickly shifting blame and inconsistent reasoning.",
    "Actively look for mirroring behavior – a strong indicator of wolf coordination. Pay particular attention to *speed* of mirroring; wolves tend to react quickly and consistently. Consider the *content* of the mirroring - are they defending illogical statements?" ]
}