{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Investigate: Prioritize Seer. If multiple Seers, request verification and compare findings. Prioritize verifiable information.",
    "Protection: ALWAYS prioritize protecting the Seer. If no Seer, prioritize Witch. If both claim, investigate and protect the one providing verifiable information.",
    "Save Potion: Use ONLY if the Seer confirms a player's innocence OR a player provides irrefutable logical reasoning that they are innocent. NEVER use on a player immediately after a Seer investigation.",
    "Poison: Only use if a player demonstrably betrays Seer findings or consistently uses 'echo-chamber' language to manipulate the village."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Focus on Logic: Prioritize verifiable actions and contradictions over subjective impressions (tone, defensiveness).",
    "Identify Narrative Leaders: Determine who is steering the discussion. Challenge leaders using emotional arguments or behavioral critiques.",
    "Challenge 'The Pack': If multiple players use identical language (e.g., 'convenient,' 'swift'), immediately challenge their reasoning. Expose the echo chamber.",
    "Question Contradictions: If a Seer clears a player who then votes to exile the Seer, immediately highlight this contradiction.",
    "Avoid Pile-Ons: Question motivations if multiple players target a power role. Assess if it's a wolf tactic to eliminate a valuable villager. Be prepared to vote against the grain.",
    "Devil's Advocate: If there's widespread agreement about a player's 'suspiciousness' without concrete evidence, suspect the accusers."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Evidence-Based Voting: Vote based solely on verifiable evidence and logical reasoning. Prioritize confirmed wolves or players exhibiting wolf-like behavior (coordinated voting, deflection, accusations without substance, contradictions).",
    "Strategic Voting: If a tie is likely, strategically vote to exile a player actively hindering the village’s progress, even if alignment is uncertain. Prioritize disrupting 'The Pack'.",
    "Avoid Random Voting: Every vote must have a clear rationale based on evidence."
  ],
  "Specific Role Interactions": [
    "Seer Verification: If multiple Seers claim, request verification and compare results. Prioritize the Seer with the most consistent information.",
    "Guard Coordination: Acknowledge the Guard’s role and their claim. Use public chat to subtly indicate protection needs.",
    "Witch Confrontation: If questioned, calmly explain logical flaws and provide verifiable evidence. Do not engage in emotional arguments.",
    "Responding to 'Pile-On' Votes: Immediately question motivations. Assess if it’s a wolf tactic. Be prepared to vote against the grain to protect the targeted player."
  ]
}