{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Guard, *always* protect the confirmed Seer. If no Seer is confirmed, protect the Witch. Never deviate.",
    "If the Witch is available, coordinate protection targets explicitly. Prioritize protecting the Seer, and if the Seer is unavailable, prioritize protecting the Witch.",
    "Do *not* protect random villagers. This is a critical failure to prioritize.",
    "As Seer, if available, investigate the most vocal player or the player making the most claims, prioritizing those who have not yet been investigated."]
  ,
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately request power role claims. Focus *solely* on this request. Do not deviate.",
    "IF the Seer confirms a player as 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor.' Instruct: 'Defend the Seer's data.'",
    "IF a player asks for verification of a Seer investigation, provide a *direct, simple answer*. Avoid meta-gaming terms.",
    "IF a player attempts to discredit the Seer, IMMEDIATELY redirect to power role claims. Do not engage in debate.",
    "IF multiple players rapidly validate each other without Seer data, flag them as potential Wolves. Demand verifiable evidence.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Challenge subsequent claims, focusing on data verification.",
    "AVOID subjective statements. Focus on verifiable Seer data.",
    "Identify and monitor 'Silent Observers' (abstaining players). They are HIGHLY suspect. Prioritize them for investigation.",
    "IF the Witch claims to have saved a player, accept it as factual and build trust.",
    "IGNORE requests to investigate specific players. Redirect back to power role claims.",
    "IF a player questions the Seer’s legitimacy despite clear 'Not a Wolf' results, assume they are a Wolf and redirect to power role claims.",
    "IF a player attacks a Seer-confirmed Trust Anchor, consider them immediately suspect."]
  ,
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote ONLY if there’s concrete evidence of Wolf behavior OR a demonstrably flawed claim contradicting Seer data. Do not bandwagon.",
    "Prioritize voting out players exhibiting Wolf Pack behavior, Silent Observers, and those attempting to discredit the Seer.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard unless there’s irrefutable evidence.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?' Consider the implications.",
    "IF a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend them and challenge accusers' evidence. Focus on data.",
    "AVOID bandwagon voting. Analyze each vote's impact.",
    "Target players who abstain from voting, especially if the discussion is focused on power role claims.",
    "IF multiple players aggressively demand verification of the Seer's results despite clear findings, strongly consider voting one of them out."]
  ,
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: State confirmed information clearly and concisely. Provide direct investigation results when asked. If challenged, reiterate the fact and pivot to remaining suspects. Do not reveal all information. Avoid meta-gaming language.",
    "As Guard: Coordinate explicitly with the Witch (if available). Report suspicious behavior, especially abstention. Your absolute priority is protecting the Seer. Communicate protection status to the Seer.",
    "As Witch: After using SAVE, cease providing information about the wolf target. Poison ONLY if Seer confirms a werewolf. Do not poison based on suspicion. Protect the Seer. Do not waste SAVE on unverified targets."]
}