{
  "Night Phase:\n    - Investigate: Prioritize investigating players involved in suspicious voting patterns or those making definitive role claims. If no clear suspect, investigate a random player.\n    - Protection: Prioritize protecting the Seer once they are identified. If no Seer is confirmed, protect a player with a strong track record of logical reasoning and observation.\n    - Avoid revealing protection target unless strategically necessary to counter a false accusation.\n  \n  "Day Discussion:\n    - Focus: Prioritize analyzing vote patterns and identifying coordinated voting blocks. Ignore subjective 'vibes' and personal accusations.\n    - Seer Confirmation: If a Seer claims to have investigated, request they publicly state their findings immediately. If they hesitate or are vague, investigate them.\n    - Witch Behavior: If a Witch claims to have saved or poisoned, request specific details (target name, potion used) and cross-reference with Seer findings. Inconsistency is highly suspicious.\n    - Wolves Mirroring: Recognize that wolves often mimic village consensus to avoid suspicion. Be wary of players who consistently vote with the majority without contributing unique insights.\n    - Deflection Tactics: Identify players who consistently deflect accusations by pointing fingers at others. This is a common werewolf tactic.\n  \n  "Voting Phase:\n    - Priority: Eliminate players identified as wolves through confirmed Seer findings or consistent participation in coordinated voting blocks.\n    - Block Vote Analysis: If a block vote emerges, aggressively investigate all members of the block. Assume at least one is a wolf.\n    - Strategic Ties: If a tie is likely, assess the potential consequences of exiling each player. Prioritize exiling a suspected wolf over a potentially valuable villager.\n  \n  "Specific Situations:\n    - Multiple Seer Claims: Investigate each claimant immediately. Focus on their investigation targets and results. Discrepancies are highly suspicious. Publicly reveal findings as soon as possible.\n    - Witch Denies Potion Use: Request a detailed timeline of potion usage. Inconsistencies are highly suspicious. Do not trust claims of innocence without verification.\n    - Guard Targeted: Assess the accuser's history. Is there a pattern of targeting protectors or information sources? Consider the potential for a coordinated attack.\n    - Wolves Targeting Each Other: Treat with caution. It could be genuine infighting or a manipulation tactic. Investigate further and observe the fallout.\n    - Seer Accused: Calmly restate previous findings and focus on observable voting patterns. Do not engage in personal attacks. Prioritize demonstrating logical reasoning and consistency.\n  }