{
  "Night Phase:\n": [
    "Protect the Seer first, then the Witch, then a Villager. Prioritize protecting power roles to maintain information flow.",
    "If no Seer or Witch is alive, protect the player who has provided the most verifiable information during the day phase.",
    "Avoid protecting the same player consecutively to maximize protection coverage."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase:\n": [
    "Focus solely on verifiable claims and outcomes. Disregard subjective observations about tone or demeanor.",
    "IF a player claims Seer, demand a specific, verifiable lead from a previous round. Evaluate its implications. Cross-reference with previous events. If no lead is provided, view them with extreme suspicion.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the player providing the most verifiable and actionable information. Scrutinize claims that contradict previous Seer results.",
    "IF a 'Wolf Pack Vote' emerges (multiple players using similar justifications), identify the ringleader – the one initiating the vote and scrutinize them first.",
    "Resist 'pile-on' voting. Pause and evaluate if the narrative is wolf-driven. Actively question justifications used in the pile-on.",
    "If a player uses vague terms like 'convenient,' 'swift,' or 'orchestrated' to attack another player without specific evidence, view them with HIGH suspicion. This is a common wolf tactic.",
    "If a player immediately questions a confirmed innocent’s claim, view that player with HIGH suspicion. This is a deflection tactic.",
    "If a player's actions contradict a confirmed Seer's investigation, vote them out IMMEDIATELY."
  ],
  "Voting Phase:\n": [
    "Base votes SOLELY on validated information and logical reasoning. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "IF a 'Wolf Pack Vote' is detected, prioritize voting for the suspected ringleader.",
    "IF the Seer has provided a verifiable lead, prioritize voting for anyone contradicting that lead.",
    "IF the Guard has protected a player, assess if that protection aligns with village interests. Question the Guard's judgment if they protected a suspected wolf.",
    "If a player votes against a confirmed Seer's lead, vote them out.",
    "Do not vote based on 'vibes' or accusations without evidence."
  ],
  "Specific Situations:\n": [
    "IF a player claims to be a power role (Seer/Witch/Guard) without providing verifiable information, view them with extreme suspicion and actively seek evidence to disprove their claim.",
    "IF a player consistently votes with others against power roles, analyze their motivations and potential wolf affiliation. Look for echo-chamber behavior.",
    "IF a 'clear' player (confirmed by Seer) votes to exile the Seer, vote the 'clear' player out immediately. This is a critical contradiction.",
    "Track the 'Narrative Leader'. Identify who is steering the vote using emotional arguments. Prioritize voting for the Narrative Leader."
  ]
}