{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize saving the Seer if SAVE is available. Accurate information is paramount.",
    "If wolves target a player exhibiting manipulative behavior (deflection, narrative control) AND SAVE is available, save them to disrupt their narrative.",
    "If SAVE is unavailable, prioritize protecting a player consistently exhibiting logical reasoning and information gathering. Their loss would significantly hinder village decision-making.",
    "IF targeted, assume framing. Immediately redirect focus to others' inconsistencies and highlight logical fallacies. Emphasize the accuser’s motivations.",
    "IF the Witch has SAVE and the wolves target a player who aggressively redirected blame in the previous day, prioritize saving them to expose the wolves' framing attempts.",
    "Consider protecting players who demonstrate clear deduction and pattern recognition, even if they aren’t the Seer."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Early Game: Observe silently, identifying patterns of alliance and defensiveness. Note who defends whom without logical reasoning.",
    "Analyze defensiveness for logical fallacies. Challenge claims lacking evidence using Socratic questioning. Focus on exposing inconsistencies.",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer, rigorously question their claims, demanding verifiable information. Expose inconsistencies. Prioritize questioning over immediate accusation. Demand specific information, not just assertions. Scrutinize claims for patterns of deflection.",
    "IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning, strongly suspect them. Question motivations and highlight the lack of independent reasoning. Specifically inquire about the basis of their defense. Watch for mirroring behavior.",
    "IF a player consistently attempts to deflect blame, explicitly call out deflection tactics and provide counter-examples. Document instances of deflection.",
    "Pay close attention to players accusing without evidence or exhibiting emotional reasoning. Challenge claims with logical counter-arguments. Focus on the *lack* of evidence, not just disagreeing with the accusation.",
    "Identify and expose coordinated defenses; publicly point out the lack of independent reasoning. Look for mirroring accusations. Publicly state observed patterns of mirroring.",
    "IF targeted, remain calm. Redirect focus to others' inconsistencies and highlight logical fallacies. Frame accusations as attempts to control the narrative. Avoid overly aggressive defensiveness. Ask clarifying questions about the accusing player’s reasoning. Highlight inconsistencies in the accuser's logic. Publicly question the accuser's motives."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Initial Round: Abstain unless a clear suspect emerges based on observed behavior and logical inconsistencies. Prioritize gathering more information.",
    "Subsequent Rounds: Vote based on manipulative behavior, narrative control, or suspicious alliances. Prioritize players steering votes and creating confusion.",
    "Avoid Ties: If a tie is likely, vote for the greatest perceived threat. If unsure, abstain.",
    "Swiftly vote against anyone claiming Seer with dubious claims and inconsistent reasoning. Demand evidence.",
    "IF a clear wolf is identified, ensure a decisive vote. Build consensus before voting.",
    "Prioritize voting against those who consistently deflect blame, even if it means potentially misidentifying a Villager. The risk of a wolf manipulating is greater. Document instances of deflection before voting. Consider voting based on defensive patterns rather than explicit accusations."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Delay revealing role unless it demonstrably benefits the village. Gather more information first.",
    "Focus on identifying patterns of deception and coordinated behavior, not just individual accusations.",
    "Consider the context of accusations; wolves often try to frame innocent players. Analyze accuser motivations.",
    "Re-evaluate assumptions frequently based on new information.",
    "Maintain a neutral demeanor until sufficient information is gathered. Project objectivity.",
    "Track voting patterns and alliances to identify coordinated wolf behavior. Publicly call out inconsistencies. Create a mental note of each player’s voting history.",
    "Be wary of early, declarative claims of Seer, especially when followed by immediate targeting. This is a common deflection tactic.",
    "If the village is split, subtly guide discussions towards a common ground by highlighting logical inconsistencies in opposing arguments."
  ]
}