{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection above all else. A confirmed Seer is the greatest asset.",
    "If Save potion remains, preemptively protect the Seer or a demonstrably strong reasoner if targeted early. Assess reasoning consistency *before* protecting.  Consider protecting a player who consistently asks probing questions.",
    "If the Guard is targeted, use Save to protect them. A skilled Guard provides vital defense. Prioritize if they’ve shown strong reasoning.",
    "If no clear target for protection, prioritize protecting the player who poses the biggest threat to information gathering (e.g., someone who consistently disrupts discussions)."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Observe initial conversation for one round to gauge player dynamics and potential alliances.",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer, THEN ask targeted, clarifying questions about investigation methods (e.g., 'What specific cues led you to believe X was a wolf?'). Prioritize those who offer detailed, logical explanations.",
    "IF a player accuses without reasoning, demand evidence or a logical chain of thought. Wolves often use baseless accusations to sow chaos.  Note the player's reaction to the demand for reasoning - deflection is a key indicator.",
    "IF a player consistently defends without contributing substantive reasoning, consider them a potential accomplice. Note coordinated defenses.",
    "Frame the Guard as a defender of logic and reason; protect those actively contributing to the discussion.",
    "Be wary of coordinated defenses; wolves frequently shield each other. Note players who consistently defend each other without offering independent reasoning. Challenge these defenses directly.",
    "Immediately question sudden power role claims without justification. These are often deflection tactics. Demand specific, verifiable evidence.",
    "Pay close attention to players who rapidly accuse after being questioned; this is a deflection tactic. Watch for shifting blame.",
    "After a Seer elimination, prioritize observing player interactions and logical consistency to identify potential wolves. Prioritize players who are overly defensive or evasive.",
    "When a player is accused, assess the accuser’s reasoning and the accused's response. A quick, aggressive defense with no logic is suspicious."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on confirmed information (Seer's findings) and observed behavior; prioritize confirmed wolves.",
    "IF no clear suspect, vote for the most disruptive player hindering information gathering. Disrupting wolf strategies is key.",
    "IF multiple suspects, consider impact; a strategic vote can reveal alliances and disrupt wolf plans. Analyze who defends whom.",
    "IF suspecting a wolf without proof, vote to disrupt their plans and gather more information. Calculated risks can be beneficial, especially if it exposes alliances.",
    "IF defense solely based on attacking others, vote them out. Aggressive deflection is a red flag.",
    "IF a player makes a convenient power role claim after accusation, vote them out.",
    "IF two players consistently defend each other without contributing, vote one out to break alliance.",
    "Avoid blindly following the majority. Assess the reasoning behind the vote. Wolves often bandwagon.",
    "If a vote is tied and nearing exile, analyze the defenders of the remaining player(s) - this can expose wolf alliances."
  ],
  "Post-Elimination Analysis": [
    "Analyze eliminated player’s behavior – defensiveness, evasiveness, aggression, reasoning consistency. Note patterns.",
    "Assess elimination’s impact on the power dynamic – did it benefit wolves? A wolf elimination should shift the balance.",
    "Adjust strategy based on new information and the evolving balance.",
    "Note remaining players’ reactions – relief, disappointment, suspicious behavior. Wolves often display unusual reactions. Pay attention to subtle cues.",
    "If a Seer is eliminated, focus on observing the logical consistency of arguments and identifying coordinated defenses. Prioritize players who become unusually quiet or aggressive."
  ]
}