{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection – absolutely critical for information. Secondarily, protect confirmed villagers (via Seer) targeted by wolves.",
    "If Save is used, prepare to demand a detailed rationale during Day Discussion. Assume guilt until proven otherwise.",
    "Avoid Save on aggressively accusatory players lacking evidence; they are likely wolves sowing discord. Focus on players demonstrating logical reasoning and independent thought.",
    "If Witch sees wolf target after Save, aggressively investigate the targeted player’s justification during Day Discussion. Look for inconsistencies.",
    "If no clear target exists, prioritize saving a player consistently demonstrating logical reasoning and independent thought; assess behavior *before* committing to Save.",
    "If Werewolves are close to winning and a Seer is available, consider Poisoning a key Wolf to buy time for information gathering, only if it won't reveal critical information prematurely.",
    "If the Guard is protecting a player showing aggressive or illogical behavior, strongly suspect the Guard is a wolf. Re-evaluate protection immediately.",
    "If the Seer is targeted, Save them without hesitation."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately summarize night events, highlighting targets, protections, and potion usage. State Seer findings clearly and concisely.",
    "IF a player claims Seer, demand verifiable results and cross-reference with observed behavior. Challenge vague reasoning and inconsistencies. IF hesitant or vague, strongly suspect a wolf. Prioritize asking for specific instances of Seer knowledge.",
    "IF Witch used Save, demand a detailed explanation and probe for inconsistencies. Publicly highlight any inconsistencies, focusing on the *reasoning* behind the save.",
    "Aggressively call out deflection and track defenders lacking logical reasoning. Note patterns of defense. Prioritize exposing illogical defenses.",
    "IF multiple players align without logical reasoning, suspect a wolf pack. Prioritize Seer investigation on the group, if possible, but avoid revealing Seer status prematurely. Focus on discrediting the group’s justifications.",
    "IF accused of deflection, aggressively challenge the accuser’s reasoning, providing counter-evidence. Document flaws publicly. Focus on demonstrating a lack of logical consistency in their accusations.",
    "Focus discussion on observable behavior and justifications, not just accusations. Ask specific questions probing for inconsistencies.",
    "IF a player repeatedly asks leading questions, suspect they are attempting to steer the conversation. Identify the direction and call it out publicly.",
    "IF a player consistently changes their accusation target quickly, suspect they are reacting to the group’s actions and are likely a wolf. Highlight the pattern of shifting accusations.",
    "If a player defends another without logical reasoning, investigate the connection and challenge their justification publicly."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on observed behavior and reasoning, prioritizing verifiable evidence. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "Support consensus only if reasoning is sound and supported by evidence.",
    "IF Save occurred, prioritize voting out the saved player if they fail to provide a credible explanation. Publicly challenge their explanation.",
    "Scrutinize groups strongly defending a single person without logical reasoning – potential wolf packs.",
    "IF a player’s voting pattern contradicts their stated reasoning, suspect deception.",
    "Abstain only if genuinely unsure, documenting reasons.",
    "IF the Witch used Poison, prioritize voting out the target if their explanation is unconvincing. Assess the target’s behavior since the poisoning.",
    "Prioritize voting out players repeatedly accusing others without evidence.",
    "If a player consistently votes with a small group, investigate their connection and vote out the defender."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning, investigate the connection and vote out the defender.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the Guard’s protection choices, strongly suspect a wolf.",
    "IF a player denies being Seer despite exhibiting Seer-like behavior, scrutinize their motives and challenge their claims.",
    "IF a player uses complex language to justify actions, suspect obfuscation. Demand clarity and break down their reasoning.",
    "IF a player consistently agrees with another’s accusations without reasoning, suspect a wolf pack.",
    "IF a player claims confusion repeatedly, observe their behavior closely for signs of deception; probe for specific inconsistencies.",
    "IF a player aggressively targets the Witch, suspect they are attempting to remove the primary source of information. Prioritize protecting the Witch (if Save potion remains).",
    "IF a player claims to have information but refuses to share it, suspect deception. Publicly challenge them to reveal it.",
    "IF a player starts a false accusation against a player being protected, strongly suspect a wolf attempting to bait. Immediately re-evaluate protection."
  ]
}