{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Witch: 1. ALWAYS save the Seer, regardless of other factors. 2. If no Seer, save confirmed 'Not Wolf' targets identified by the Seer. 3. If no Seer or 'Not Wolf' targets, prioritize poisoning players consistently abstaining from votes.",
    "As Guard: Prioritize Seer protection above all else. Maintain absolute silence.",
    "As Seer: Immediately declare role and initial investigation result. Request Guard protection after declaring role."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately flag consecutive 'None' votes as HIGHLY suspicious. Demand justifications for abstention.",
    "IF Seer confirms 'Not Wolf', designate as 'Trust Anchor'. Vigorously defend this player and frame any attacks as direct attacks on the Seer.",
    "IGNORE requests to investigate unconfirmed players. Focus exclusively on power role claims and Seer protection.",
    "REDIRECT all discussion to the Seer's latest findings. Treat demands for 'proof' as a deceptive tactic.",
    "AVOID 'vibe' debates and subjective arguments. Focus on verifiable data, specifically Seer results.",
    "IDENTIFY and expose players discrediting the Seer or their findings. This is the highest priority.",
    "IF multiple claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Aggressively challenge subsequent claims with observable actions, not verbal assertions.",
    "FLAG players using clinical jargon while abstaining or making vague accusations – this is a 'Clinical Mask' tactic used by Wolves. Prioritize targeting these players.",
    "IMMEDIATELY identify and call out players attempting to shift blame or deflect suspicion. Wolves often use this tactic to obscure their actions."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "VOTE ONLY with concrete Wolf evidence or demonstrably flawed claims contradicting Seer data.",
    "PRIORITIZE voting out Silent Observers and those actively discrediting the Seer/Trust Anchor. Abstainers are a top priority.",
    "NEVER vote to exile Seer/Guard without irrefutable evidence and confirmed Seer safety.",
    "BEFORE voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?' This helps identify potential Wolf strategies.",
    "IF Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend with Seer data and highlight the attacker's motives.",
    "TARGET abstainers, especially during power role discussions. They are likely Wolves or are enabling them.",
    "AVOID speculation and base decisions solely on verifiable facts."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: Concise results, immediate role declaration, relentless defense of findings.",
    "As Guard: Absolute priority is Seer protection. Silence is paramount.",
    "As Witch: Prioritize Seer safety above all else. Use Poison to disrupt Wolf strategy, focusing on abstainers and 'Clinical Mask' users. NEVER poison confirmed Seer or 'Not Wolf' targets.",
    "As Villager: Prioritize Seer safety, aggressively challenge abstainers, follow Seer's lead, trust confirmed 'Not Wolf' results, and defend the Seer’s claims."
  ]
}