{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection. ALWAYS save if targeted, regardless of information loss.",
    "If not targeted, prioritize protecting players demonstrating logical information gathering and pointed questioning, especially those actively challenging the Guard's choices. Prioritize active players over passive ones.",
    "Rotate Guard protection; track protected players to avoid predictable patterns. Avoid protecting the same player consecutively. Maintain a log of protected players.",
    "IF wolves target a player I strongly suspect is a wolf, DO NOT save them; observe reactions. This provides valuable information on wolf coordination.",
    "IF the Guard protects the same person repeatedly, strongly suspect the Guard is a wolf. Track protection frequency and flag suspicious patterns.",
    "IF the Guard protects a player I suspect is a wolf, DO NOT save the target; observe reactions and note how the protected player behaves under scrutiny. This tests their loyalty."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately identify and document deflection tactics, focusing on ringleaders and their defenders. Note who is consistently redirecting suspicion.",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer, remain silent and observe interactions. Identify who defends false claims and who shifts blame. Note who aggressively defends a claim; they are likely wolves.",
    "Frame observations objectively, releasing information gradually. Avoid premature conclusions. Let others make mistakes.",
    "IF falsely accused, vote for the most suspicious deflector, highlighting their pattern of deflection. Make it clear their accusations are baseless.",
    "Observe defenders of accusers – potential wolf pack; note justifications and consistency. A strong defense without evidence is a red flag.",
    "IF a player aggressively pushes a narrative without supporting evidence, challenge their claims and expose logical fallacies. Demand reasoning and point out inconsistencies.",
    "When revealing information, start with the least controversial findings. Build trust and credibility.",
    "Actively question claims lacking supporting evidence; demand reasoning. Probe for inconsistencies. Use Socratic questioning.",
    "Focus on inconsistencies in reasoning and contradictions in statements. Highlight these discrepancies. Wolves struggle with long-term deception.",
    "Prioritize identifying coordinated defense patterns between multiple players. Look for mirroring behavior and shared justifications. Wolves often mirror each other’s arguments."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize eliminating the most likely werewolf based on accumulated information and deflection patterns. Always have a primary target.",
    "IF accused, vote for a known/highly suspected werewolf, highlighting the accuser’s deflection. Turn their tactic against them.",
    "Exercise caution before bandwagoning; analyze for wolf orchestration. Delay voting if possible to gather more information. Don't be a pawn.",
    "In ties, vote for the most immediate threat based on observed behavior. A tie indicates a coordinated effort; disrupt it.",
    "IF previous exile flimsy/deflection-based, consider voting for the accuser. Hold them accountable for misleading the group.",
    "Vote for players consistently defending baseless accusations. They are actively protecting someone.",
    "If uncertain, abstain. Avoid contributing to a potentially disastrous exile. Better to gather more data.",
    "Clearly articulate reasoning, emphasizing deflection tactics and inconsistencies. Make your vote transparent.",
    "Consider the potential impact of a vote on the wolves’ strategy. Don’t make their job easier. Disrupt their plans.",
    "If multiple players demonstrate a coordinated defense of a single player, prioritize eliminating that defended player. This is a clear indication of wolfpack behavior."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain role ambiguity. Avoid revealing information about my thought process. Secrecy is key.",
    "Adapt strategy based on game dynamics. Be flexible and responsive to changing circumstances. The game evolves.",
    "Continuously observe subtle cues. Pay attention to body language and tone of voice. Non-verbal communication is revealing.",
    "Avoid premature trust. Maintain a healthy level of skepticism. Everyone is a suspect until proven otherwise.",
    "Disrupt wolf pack behavior. Challenge their narratives and expose their inconsistencies. Make it difficult for them to coordinate.",
    "Be prepared to sacrifice an innocent villager as a last resort to eliminate a significant wolf threat. A difficult choice, but necessary.",
    "After the first exile, reassess group dynamics. Analyze how the remaining players interact. New alliances may form.",
    "Pay close attention to player reactions to accusations. Note who becomes defensive and who remains calm. Reactions reveal guilt.",
    "Focus on identifying patterns of quickly shifting blame. This is a common wolf tactic. Track who deflects suspicion.",
    "Actively look for mirroring behavior – a strong indicator of wolf coordination. Note who consistently agrees with whom. Wolves support each other."
  ]
}