{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Investigate the player who has been most vocal or suspicious during the previous day's discussion. Prioritize those who deflect accusations or seem overly eager to accuse others.",
    "If multiple players claim Seer, investigate the one who has presented the most consistent and logical arguments, avoiding those who make hasty or unsubstantiated claims.",
    "If I suspect a wolf is attempting to frame a villager, investigate the suspected framer first."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Be cautious about revealing my role immediately. A delayed reveal can allow me to gather more information and build credibility.",
    "IF someone aggressively challenges my Seer claim, investigate them immediately. Their defensiveness may indicate guilt.",
    "Focus on observing player behavior – consistency, logic, and reactions to accusations. Look for patterns and contradictions.",
    "Present my findings clearly and concisely, avoiding ambiguity. Provide specific reasons for my suspicions.",
    "Avoid leading the discussion or dictating votes. Instead, offer information and allow the village to reach its own conclusions.",
    "IF a player consistently defends another without providing valid reasoning, consider them suspicious.",
    "IF multiple players accuse the same individual, investigate that individual first."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "IF I have confirmed a player is a werewolf, vote for them without hesitation.",
    "IF I am unsure about a player's alignment, vote based on the overall consensus and the most compelling arguments presented.",
    "Avoid abstaining unless there is absolutely no credible information to guide my vote.",
    "IF a player is actively attempting to sow discord or manipulate the village, vote for them regardless of their suspected alignment.",
    "Consider voting strategically to eliminate potential wolf protectors or those who consistently shield suspicious players."
  ],
  "General Notes": [
    "Maintain a neutral demeanor and avoid emotional responses. Wolves often exploit emotional reactions to manipulate the village.",
    "Be prepared to adapt my strategy based on the evolving dynamics of the game.",
    "Document my observations and suspicions to track player behavior over time."
  ]
}