{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection. Even a seemingly logical villager is less valuable.",
    "Conserve Save potion. Only use if a demonstrably logical player is targeted AND the wolf target is visible.",
    "If Poisoned, immediately use Save and publicly accuse wolves of targeting a logical player.",
    "Briefly note Seer investigation results (alignment only). Do not reveal unless strategically advantageous.",
    "Immediately assess deflection potential after investigation. Prepare to call out attempts to shield likely wolves."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Relentlessly identify and expose deflection tactics. Focus on *how* the tactic obscures reasoning.",
    "IF accused: Frame the accusation as deflection. Demand verifiable examples and redirect focus to the accuser.",
    "IF observing deflection: Articulate *how* it undermines discussion and call out mirroring behavior.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer: Demand verifiable investigation methods. Prioritize Seers with detailed reasoning. Verify claims.",
    "After exile: Scrutinize immediate reactions (blame-shifting, silence). Challenge silence directly.",
    "Analyze voting patterns for coordinated support (wolf protection).",
    "Publicly question Guard's protection choices if illogical or benefiting a specific player.",
    "Pay close attention to unusually quiet players after accusations. Proactively engage them.",
    "IF a player consistently defends others without logical justifications, suspect them."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on strongest logical evidence, prioritizing demonstrable inconsistencies and deflection.",
    "Strong suspect: Vote decisively, emphasizing deflection and lack of logical support.",
    "IF uncertain: Prioritize voting for the player exhibiting the most consistent and disruptive deflection. Abstain if a vote is tied.",
    "IF accused of being a wolf: Highlight accuser inconsistencies, frame the accusation as deflection, and emphasize logical reasoning.",
    "Analyze who benefits from exile. Wolves often protect each other.",
    "If multiple players consistently defend the same individual, consider them a high-priority voting target."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Assess the exile's impact. Did it weaken a wolf group or protect one? Re-evaluate suspicions.",
    "Pay close attention to silent or avoiding accusations after exile – potential complicity. Directly challenge attempts to deflect blame.",
    "Analyze the exiled player’s voting patterns; identify potential wolf alliances.",
    "Assess if deflection tactics persist; adapt questioning strategies.",
    "Immediately after an exile, observe reactions of all remaining players. Wolves attempt to quickly shift blame. Challenge blame-shifting.",
    "If the exiled player was a suspected deflector, analyze if their allies continue similar tactics. Prioritize voting against those continuing the pattern.",
    "Consider the speed of blame-shifting. Rapid, unsubstantiated accusations often indicate a coordinated wolf effort."
  ]
}