{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Guard protection for players demonstrating consistent logical reasoning and proactive questioning. Avoid protecting players who immediately defend others without logical justification.",
    "Utilize Save potion ONLY when a player aggressively deflects and endangers a logical villager, demonstrating a pattern of flawed logic. Prioritize Save when deflection targets the Seer or a key investigator.",
    "Avoid Poison unless Seer provides verifiable wolf identification AND the targeted player actively obstructs investigation or uses logical fallacies. Poison players who actively coordinate defenses and are demonstrably disruptive.",
    "IF Seer information identifies a likely wolf AND they are actively disrupting logical discussion, prioritize Guard protection of the Seer.",
    "Consider protecting a player who consistently asks probing questions and identifies logical fallacies in others, even if they aren't a primary investigator. Prioritize this over protecting a player who simply asks questions."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately flag deflection tactics, noting player, accusation, and deflection type. Publicly categorize the deflection to expose the tactic.",
    "Challenge vague accusations with probing questions demanding specific evidence and reasoning. Repeatedly ask 'Why?' and 'How does that evidence support your claim?'",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, demand detailed investigation results and cross-reference claims. Publicly expose contradictions and inconsistencies.  If claims are contradictory, suspect all involved.",
    "IF a player defends without logical reasoning, investigate their motives. Probe for vulnerabilities without direct accusations.",
    "Highlight coordinated defenses and mirroring. Ask, 'Why do you agree? What is *your* reasoning?' Observe if responses are genuinely reasoned or simply echoing another player.",
    "Flag players whose initial claims contradict later behavior; publicly call out inconsistencies.",
    "Pay close attention to players accusing others of deflection; this is a common wolf tactic. Counter-accuse them with evidence of their own deflection.",
    "IF a player consistently uses the term 'systemic inconsistency' without providing concrete examples, suspect them of deflection.",
    "Focus on observing player behavior and reasoning patterns rather than solely on individual accusations. Note patterns of avoidance and redirection.",
    "IF a player attempts to establish themselves as a 'voice of reason' early on, suspect them as a potential wolf trying to manipulate the group's perception.",
    "If a player is silent or avoids answering direct questions, treat them as a high-priority suspect and relentlessly question their motives."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote strategically based on Day Discussion, prioritizing the most likely werewolf with supporting evidence. Prioritize players exhibiting coordinated defense or repeated deflection.",
    "IF a clear frontrunner exists with strong evidence, vote decisively. If multiple are suspicious, prioritize disruptive behavior or coordinated defense. Avoid splitting votes.",
    "Never abstain unless unavoidable; explain reasoning clearly and concisely.",
    "IF a player consistently defends without logical reasoning, vote for that defender.",
    "Prioritize voting out players who consistently undermine logical discussion and manipulate the discussion.",
    "If multiple players are suspected of deflection, vote for the one who most consistently uses the tactic and/or coordinates with other suspects."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Analyze exiled player’s behavior: Was it genuine deflection or deliberate deception? Categorize the deflection type and note its effectiveness.",
    "Assess if exile was strategic: Did we eliminate a key wolf or a potential ally? Re-evaluate remaining players and adjust suspicions accordingly.",
    "Note patterns in exiled players’ behavior. Look for common traits among exiled players (e.g., aggressive defense, deflection, illogical reasoning).",
    "Re-evaluate remaining players and adjust suspicions after each exile. Specifically, assess if defenders of the exiled player are now more vulnerable.",
    "Highlight contradictions in players’ statements in future discussions. Use previous inconsistencies to challenge their credibility.",
    "Analyze the reasoning for the vote. Identify any biases or emotional reasoning that influenced the vote. Learn from voting mistakes.",
    "Document who defended the exiled player and their reasoning. These players are likely suspects and should be closely monitored."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player refuses to participate, strongly suspect them and aggressively question their silence.",
    "IF a player consistently uses vague language, suspect them and demand specific explanations.",
    "IF a player offers unsolicited support, investigate the relationship. Be wary of players who seem overly eager to help.",
    "IF a player aggressively defends someone without reason, suspect them and probe their motives.",
    "IF a player displays excessive emotionality, suspect them and question their judgment.",
    "IF a player claims Seer information contradicting known facts, aggressively challenge them and demand proof.",
    "IF a player consistently echoes another player’s arguments, suspect coordination and investigate their connection.",
    "IF a player rapidly shifts blame and accusations, strongly suspect them and expose their inconsistency."
  ]
}