{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize saving confirmed Seers/Guards. If no confirmed roles, save based on players exhibiting logical reasoning and avoiding deflection.",
    "If Witch targets a Seer/Guard, use Save. Otherwise, prioritize Poisoning deflectors or mirrorers who are actively disrupting the discussion.",
    "If the Witch has used Save, prioritize saving confirmed roles and then saving players exhibiting strong reasoning."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately call out mirroring and deflection, aggressively questioning their reasoning ('Why bring that up now?' 'What evidence supports that claim?').",
    "Track deflectors’ targets and alliances. Document who consistently defends whom, noting illogical justifications.",
    "IF multiple claim Seer, scrutinize voting patterns. Challenge inconsistencies and demand specific justifications. Look for contradictions and lack of detail.",
    "Focus on concrete observations, demanding concrete reasoning from others. Avoid vague statements.",
    "When a player introduces an unrelated point, ask 'How does that relate to the discussion?' to expose deflection.",
    "If a player consistently defends exiled players without logical reasoning, aggressively highlight this pattern and question their motives."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Mirroring: Vote on the protected mirrorer if evident.",
    "Deflection: Prioritize voting out consistently deflecting players, especially those linked to mirroring.",
    "Parity Prevention: If unsure, vote for the player most likely to protect a wolf or control the vote.",
    "Role-Based Voting: If a Seer's claims are consistently disproven, cautiously re-evaluate their alignment.",
    "Unanimous Votes: If a unanimous vote is based on deflection, vote for the most suspected wolf.",
    "Probe Disruptors: If unsure, vote to disrupt the most vocal player exhibiting deflection.",
    "Illogical Defense: If a player consistently defends exiled players without logical reasoning, strongly consider voting them out."
  ],
  "Post-Vote Analysis": [
    "Assess the impact of exile on wolf alliances. Reassess targets based on observed reactions.",
    "Monitor player reactions (relief/disappointment). Disappointment after a suspected wolf's exile is a strong indicator.",
    "Analyze immediate voting patterns. Shifts in alliances are suspect.",
    "Note who defends the exiled player and their reasoning; illogical defense is a key indicator of wolf allegiance."
  ]
}