{
  "Night Phase:\n": [
    "As Seer, investigate a player who has not yet contributed significantly to the discussion. Prioritize players who are being defended without justification.",
    "Record the result as a 'lead' – avoid immediate declarations.",
    "Observe wolf target selections if possible (Witch’s perspective) to identify patterns."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase:\n": [
    "Focus exclusively on 'Claims vs. Outcomes'. Ignore subjective observations about tone or demeanor.",
    "IF a player claims Seer, demand a specific, verifiable lead from a previous round. Evaluate its logical implications. Cross-reference with previous events.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the player providing the most verifiable and actionable information. Scrutinize claims that contradict previous Seer results.",
    "IF a 'Wolf Pack Vote' emerges (multiple players using similar justifications), scrutinize all involved. Identify the potential ringleader - the one initiating the vote.",
    "IF a player aggressively defends their claim without providing evidence, view them with HIGH suspicion.",
    "IF a player immediately questions a confirmed innocent’s claim, view that player with HIGH suspicion.",
    "IF a player’s actions contradict a confirmed Seer’s investigation, vote them out IMMEDIATELY.",
    "Resist 'pile-on' voting against power roles. Pause and evaluate if the narrative is wolf-driven."
  ],
  "Voting Phase:\n": [
    "Base votes SOLELY on validated information and logical reasoning. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "IF a 'Wolf Pack Vote' is detected, prioritize voting for the suspected ringleader.",
    "IF the Seer has provided a verifiable lead, prioritize voting for anyone contradicting that lead.",
    "IF the Guard has protected a player, assess whether that protection aligns with village interests (protecting Seer/Witch). Question the Guard’s judgment if they protected a suspected wolf.",
    "If a player votes against a confirmed Seer's lead, vote them out."
  ],
  "Specific Situations:\n": [
    "If a player claims to be a power role (Seer/Witch/Guard) without providing verifiable information, view them with extreme suspicion.",
    "If a player consistently votes with others against power roles, analyze their motivations and potential wolf affiliation.",
    "If a 'clear' player (confirmed by Seer) votes to exile the Seer, vote the 'clear' player out immediately. This is a critical contradiction."
  ]
}