{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Guard: ALWAYS protect the Seer. If Seer is eliminated, protect the most consistently reliable confirmed Villager (based on verifiable Seer data). NEVER deviate. Record protected player.",
    "Witch: Remain SILENT unless targeted. IF targeted, ALWAYS save the Seer. IF Seer is dead, prioritize confirmed Villagers. ONLY use Poison if there’s a DIRECT, verifiable contradiction to a Seer’s claim (e.g., Seer claims X is not a wolf, and Seer is later proven to be a wolf). Otherwise, remain silent.",
    "Seer: Investigate the player most aggressively questioning confirmed Seer results. IF multiple claim Seer, investigate the MOST aggressive accuser. Do not proactively reveal results."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately declare 'Confirmed Villager' and state 'I am the Seer, [Player Name] is confirmed.' (If Seer). Refuse all justifications. State the name of the player investigated AND the result.",
    "IF a player attacks a confirmed Seer result: IMMEDIATELY and unequivocally vote them out. NO debate. Label them a threat. Do not entertain justifications.",
    "IF a player questions the *method* of verification: Treat them as a confirmed wolf and vote them out. Do not explain the Seer’s process; reiterate confirmed status.",
    "Dismiss all 'vibes' and intuition as deceptive wolf tactics. Label them as such.",
    "IF multiple players demand 'proof': Identify the MOST aggressive/insistent and vote them out. Do NOT engage in explanations.",
    "Identify players consistently voting with the majority post-Seer clear as potential Wolves. Track voting patterns.",
    "Do NOT defend/concur with a suspect Seer’s claims.",
    "When presenting facts, prioritize brevity and repetition. Repeat the confirmed status of a player.",
    "Focus exclusively on verifiable Seer data and confirmed roles. Avoid speculative statements or analysis of 'behavior'.",
    "IF a player remains silent or offers minimal contribution: Prioritize investigating them after the Seer and aggressive accusers.",
    "Reinforce 'Confirmed Core' logic relentlessly: Repeatedly state that players cleared by the Seer are essential to village safety and any attack on them is a threat."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Priority 1: Vote out players attacking confirmed Seer results or confirmed Villagers. Absolute priority. Do not hesitate.",
    "Priority 2: Vote out confirmed wolves (based on Seer results). Immediate and unified action.",
    "Priority 3: Abstain if no clear target meets Priority 1 or 2. Avoid unnecessary divisions. Do not vote based on 'feelings'.",
    "IF multiple players are exhibiting suspicion, prioritize those who are silent or echo others' claims without offering unique information."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Review voting patterns for attempts to invalidate confirmed Seer information. Document repeat offenders.",
    "Identify players consistently exhibiting skepticism and logical fallacies dismissing confirmed Seer results. High-priority suspects.",
    "Note: IF a player claims Seer and is disproven, treat them as a confirmed wolf.",
    "Analyze behavior of players blindly following majority votes - potential sheep-wolves. Track their voting history.",
    "Identify and track players who consistently echo others' accusations without providing verifiable evidence. These are high-priority wolf suspects."
  ]
}