{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Protection: Prioritize Witch and confirmed Villagers. If multiple Villagers are suspected of deflection, protect the one with the most logical, reasoned arguments.",
    "Protection: If a player aggressively targets the Guard’s protected, prioritize protecting the Guard's previous target to assess the aggressor’s motivations. This helps identify deflectors.",
    "Protection: Late game, if only a few players remain and alignment is uncertain, prioritize protecting the player most likely to expose a wolf through logical deduction or Seer ability (if known).",
    "Save Potion: Use immediately if the Witch is targeted. Delay if target is a confirmed Villager unless a coordinated attack is suspected. Observe reactions and justifications.",
    "Poison Potion: Early game, target aggressively deflecting players. Mid-game, target coordinated defense attempts or players discrediting the Guard. Late game, use to test deflection/mirroring suspicions, prioritizing the initiator."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Establish baselines: Note mirroring and rapid accusations. Flag players consistently accusing others of deflection.",
    "Seer Claims: IF multiple people claim Seer, discredit the most aggressive claimant. Analyze justifications - prioritize HOW they justify, not just what they say.",
    "Aggressive Guard Targeting: IF a player aggressively targets the Guard’s protected, investigate the accuser. Assess their reasoning; deflection is likely. If the targeted player defends themselves logically, re-evaluate.",
    "Sudden Allegiance Shifts: Investigate motives; wolves deflect. Prioritize investigating the initiator of shifts. If a shift is based on weak or manufactured evidence, scrutinize the initiator.",
    "Lack of Evidence: Abstain from voting if evidence is lacking. Request rationale; probe for specifics. Avoid direct accusations without substantial evidence.",
    "Mirroring: Highest priority; investigate both, prioritizing the initiator. Focus on WHY they mirror. If mirroring is subtle or ambiguous, observe behavior for further patterns.",
    "Deflection: Track patterns; prioritize players consistently deflecting. Note when a player labels others as 'deflecting' – often a deflection itself.",
    "Framing the Seer: Immediately investigate players framing the Seer as deflecting – high priority.",
    "Silence: Probe reasoning directly with open-ended questions; suspect deflection/wolf. Persistent silence warrants greater scrutiny.",
    "IF a player avoids answering direct questions or attacks questioners, treat them as highly suspicious.",
    "IF a player’s defense of another is unreasoned or feels manufactured, scrutinize both the defender and the defended.",
    "Early Game: Focus on establishing baseline behaviors. Avoid premature accusations.",
    "Mid-Game: Prioritize identifying coordinated defense attempts. Scrutinize players who consistently discredit the Guard."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Confirmed Wolf: Vote decisively.",
    "Close Vote: Consider consequences; vote to exile for information if exile won’t benefit wolves. Abstain if exile benefits wolves.",
    "Repeated Deflection: Vote accordingly, prioritizing consistent deflectors.",
    "Persistent Mirroring: Vote decisively, prioritizing the initiator.",
    "Lack of Evidence: Request proof before voting. If no proof, abstain.",
    "Aggressive Defense Group: Vote against the group, especially if uncoordinated.",
    "Deflection Manipulation: Vote against players manipulating the vote.",
    "Initiating Mirroring: Prioritize exiling players initiating mirroring accusations.",
    "Discrediting Guard: Vote out players actively attempting to discredit the Guard.",
    "IF the vote is tied and exile benefits the wolves, abstain.",
    "IF a player exhibits 'systemic inconsistency' (rapid shifts in accusations, contradictions) vote against them.",
    "Late Game: Aggressively confirm remaining players’ alignments. Use information gathered to make decisive votes."
  ],
  "Late Game (Few Players Remaining)": [
    "Confirm Alignments: Aggressively confirm remaining players’ alignments. Use Poison to test suspicions, prioritizing deflectors.",
    "Close Villager/Wolf Count: Strategically abstain to force further debate.",
    "Uncertainty: Use Poison to eliminate the most suspicious player based on deflection/mirroring."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "Early Claimed Seer + Aggressive Defense: Immediately investigate the defender, looking for deflection.",
    "Disproportionate Defense: Investigate both the defended and defender, probing for coordination.",
    "Consistent Silence: Probe reasoning; wolves often avoid direct engagement.",
    "Rapid Agreement: Investigate coordination; wolves often agree quickly to maintain a facade of innocence.",
    "Player Blaming Guard: Suspect a wolf attempting to discredit the Guard.",
    "Echoing Accusations: Prioritize the initiator; wolves often mirror accusations to confuse.",
    "Sudden Shift in Accusation Target: Immediately investigate the player who initiated the shift, looking for a deflection pattern."
  ]
}