{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection. If SAVE is available, ALWAYS protect confirmed Villagers. If Wolves target an unknown, POISON the player exhibiting the most manipulative behavior during Day Discussion.",
    "If SAVE is unavailable, only act if a confirmed Villager is targeted. Avoid wasting the potion.",
    "If possible, investigate players with erratic defenses or those aggressively shifting blame. Prioritize investigating players who quickly accuse without evidence."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Observe initial accusations and defensiveness. Note patterns of coordinated defense.",
    "Analyze the *logic* of defensiveness for fallacies (ad hominem, straw man).",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer, rigorously question their claims. Demand verifiable information and scrutinize for contradictions. Assume at least one is a hoax. Prioritize exposing hoax Seers by pointing out inconsistencies in their claims.",
    "Identify emerging alliances. Wolves often form tight bonds; look for unwavering support between players.",
    "IF targeted, remain calm and logical. Redirect focus to others' inconsistent behavior. Highlight logical fallacies in accusers' arguments. Frame myself as an objective observer. Acknowledge concerns, but redirect focus to inconsistencies in the accuser’s logic.",
    "Early game: Remain largely silent, observing and gathering information. Avoid drawing unnecessary attention. Focus on identifying patterns, not individual actions.",
    "Pay close attention to players who consistently accuse without providing evidence. Challenge their claims with specific questions.",
    "If a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning, they are suspect. Prioritize questioning their motivations."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Initial Round: Align with the majority to gather information. Don’t lead unless a clear threat emerges.",
    "Subsequent Rounds: Vote based on manipulative behavior, narrative control, or suspicious alliances. Prioritize players steering votes or consistently deflecting suspicion.",
    "Avoid Ties: Vote for the greatest perceived threat if a tie is likely. A tie benefits the Werewolves.",
    "Hoax Seer: Vote against anyone claiming Seer with dubious claims or inconsistent information. Expose them swiftly.",
    "Misdirected Majority: Vote against flawed reasoning *only* if a clear wolf is present. Be prepared to be isolated if the majority is being manipulated.",
    "If a clear wolf is identified, ensure a decisive vote to eliminate them. Do not hesitate.",
    "If unsure, abstain to avoid a tie. Gather more information."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Delay revealing role unless it demonstrably benefits the village. Indirect influence is preferable.",
    "Focus on identifying patterns of deception and coordinated behavior, not just individual accusations.",
    "Consider the context of accusations; wolves often try to frame innocent players. Analyze accuser's motivations.",
    "Re-evaluate assumptions frequently based on new information. Be wary of patterns, not individual actions alone.",
    "Maintain a neutral demeanor until sufficient information is gathered. Project objectivity.",
    "If suspicion falls on multiple players, prioritize those who actively defend others without offering logical explanations.",
    "Be wary of players who consistently try to deflect blame or shift the narrative. These are often signs of deception."
  ]
}