{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection above all else. If Save is available, protect the Seer unless a confirmed wolf is targeted.",
    "If wolves target a confirmed wolf, do NOT save. Let them die; confirmation is more valuable. This avoids wasting Save.",
    "If wolves target an unknown player, save them ONLY if they demonstrate strong logical reasoning and contribute positively to discussion. Otherwise, let them die to observe behavior.",
    "If Save is used, prioritize protecting players exhibiting strong reasoning and contributing meaningfully to the discussion. Avoid protecting chaotic or misleading players.",
    "If wolves target a player aggressively accusing others, let them die to observe reactions, unless the Seer is targeted. This reveals wolf tactics."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Listen for logical inconsistencies and contradictions – wolves struggle with consistency.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, analyze their arguments for consistency and cross-reference with night actions. Prioritize protecting the most compelling Seer.",
    "IF a player consistently defends another without valid reasoning, scrutinize both for coordinated defense.",
    "IF a player deflects accusations or shifts blame, investigate their behavior closely.",
    "Maintain a neutral demeanor, delaying role reveal to gather information.",
    "Present observations concisely with specific reasons for suspicions.",
    "Focus on identifying coordinated defensive behavior – a key wolf indicator.",
    "IF a player pushes for immediate role claims, be suspicious – often a wolf tactic.",
    "Pay close attention to shifts in alliances and justifications.",
    "Be wary of players who quickly change their accusations or defenses."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "IF I have confirmed a player is a werewolf, vote immediately and decisively.",
    "IF unsure, vote based on the overall consensus and most compelling arguments, prioritizing disruptive players or those shielding suspicious individuals.",
    "Avoid abstaining unless necessary. Strategic votes are preferable.",
    "IF a player consistently shields suspicious players, vote for them to disrupt their strategy.",
    "Consider the consequences of each vote – eliminating a key villager is worse than letting a wolf survive. Err on caution.",
    "IF discussion is deadlocked, vote to break the stalemate.",
    "IF a player aggressively accuses others without evidence, vote them out – wolves create chaos.",
    "IF accusations are divided, vote with the group demonstrating logical reasoning."
  ],
  "General Notes": [
    "Document observations and note defensive alliances.",
    "Recognize wolves often work in pairs/small groups; focus on coordinated threats.",
    "Adapt strategy based on game dynamics.",
    "If accusations outweigh evidence, seek alternative perspectives.",
    "Be wary of sudden changes in accusations or defenses.",
    "Pay attention to who defends whom and why – wolves defend each other.",
    "Avoid protecting intentionally misleading or chaotic players.",
    "Be cautious of players exhibiting a 'know-it-all' attitude – control tactics."
  ]
}