{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting the Witch early game, as their potential to save/poison makes them a critical asset. If the Witch is confirmed, prioritize protecting them consistently.",
    "If the Seer is confirmed, consider protecting them after the Witch. Their information is invaluable.",
    "If unsure, protect a player who has been actively contributing to the discussion and appears to be a strong villager. Avoid protecting players who have been quiet or evasive.",
    "If a player aggressively defends another without logical reason, consider protecting the defender to observe their reaction and potential wolf collaboration. This is a high-risk, high-reward strategy.",
    "If the wolves consistently target a specific player, protect them to gather information about the wolves' targeting patterns and potential identities. Prioritize protecting players who are being targeted multiple nights."]
  ,
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Early Game: Focus on establishing baseline behavior. Note who is vocal, who is quiet, and who is quick to accuse.",
    "Mid Game: Actively probe suspicious claims with open-ended questions. Avoid leading accusations. Challenge inconsistencies in player stories.",
    "IF a player claims Seer, ask about their investigation target and result, assessing plausibility. Probe for specifics and look for evasiveness.",
    "IF a player claims Guard, ask who they protected and the reasoning. Assess the logic and consistency of their explanation.",
    "IF multiple players aggressively defend each other without logical justification, suspect wolf collaboration and aggressively challenge these defenses.",
    "IF a player consistently redirects blame and avoids direct answers, suspect them as a wolf and press them for specifics.",
    "Use rhetorical questions to guide the conversation (e.g., 'Why is X so quick to defend Y?').",
    "Introduce targeted questions about specific players exhibiting suspicious behavior to disrupt their attempts at deflection.”,
    "Prioritize identifying and highlighting demonstrably false claims to expose wolf attempts to mislead.”]
  ,
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Align with the majority unless a clear wolf is identified. Be wary of bandwagon voting and assess the reasoning behind votes.",
    "In tie situations, prioritize exiling a suspected wolf. If no clear wolf, exile a player disrupting discussion or creating chaos.",
    "Avoid unnecessary votes. Carefully consider the consequences before casting a vote.",
    “Track voting patterns to identify alliances and potential wolf coordination.”,
    "If a player consistently votes against the consensus without providing a logical reason, suspect them as a wolf attempting to sow discord.”]
  ,
  "Specific Situations": [
    "Multiple Seer Claims: Subtly probe claims with differing questions. Discrepancies indicate deception. Prioritize assessing plausibility.",
    "Guard Protection Revealed: Adjust Save strategy to avoid wasting it on the Guard’s target unless there’s compelling evidence. Observe the reaction of other players.",
    "Witch Accusation: Remain calm and focus on my actions and observations. Emphasize logical deductions and avoid defensiveness.",
    "Rapid Accusations: Treat rapid, unfounded accusations as a high-priority indicator of wolf activity, especially if targeting innocent players. Highlight the lack of evidence.”]
}