{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting confirmed Villagers actively contributing to analysis and under direct threat. Passive Villagers are expendable; protection is a limited resource.",
    "If the Seer is confirmed and actively investigating, prioritize protecting them, even if they are aggressive. Losing the Seer significantly hinders information gathering. However, be wary of aggressive Seers attempting to manipulate the game; assess their reasoning.",
    "If the Witch is confirmed and has potions, prioritize protecting them to ensure they can use them effectively. A wasted Save or Poison is a significant setback.",
    "Avoid protecting players exhibiting suspicious behavior or likely to be Werewolves. Protecting a Werewolf directly aids their victory.",
    "If the Wolves target a key information gatherer (Seer/Witch), immediately prioritize protecting other Villagers with analytical skills in subsequent nights.",
    "If Save is used, wolves' target is no longer visible. Adapt strategy accordingly."
  ],
  "Day Discussion - Early Game (Rounds 1-2)": [
    "Aggressively probe for coordinated defenses. A group immediately and vocally defending a single player is HIGHLY suspect. Note deflectors and redirection.",
    "Focus on identifying logical fallacies and contradictions in claims. Frame questions to expose weaknesses in reasoning, avoiding direct accusations. Prioritize identifying coordinated defenses.",
    "Be wary of rapid agreement without independent reasoning. This signals an echo chamber. Watch for players who simply repeat others' claims.",
    "If multiple players immediately defend the same individual without independent reasoning, aggressively investigate their claims and motives. Prioritize exposing the coordination, even if it means appearing aggressive.",
    "Express skepticism towards all Seer claims. Demand concrete reasoning and evidence, not vague assertions. Question the Seer's motivations."
  ],
  "Day Discussion - Seer/Guard Claims": [
    "Express skepticism towards all Seer claims. Demand concrete reasoning and evidence, not vague assertions.",
    "Analyze Guard protection patterns. Question rationale and impact on village progress. Question any pattern that protects passive players.",
    "IF multiple Seer claims, discredit the most aggressive claimant. Focus on exposing inconsistencies in their investigation methods and reasoning. Prioritize exposing inconsistencies over direct accusations.",
    "If a player aggressively claims to be Guard without evidence, consider them a high-priority suspect and aggressively question their claims. Test their knowledge of game mechanics."
  ],
  "Day Discussion - General": [
    "Subtly guide discussion with targeted questions exposing logical flaws and redirecting suspicion. Avoid direct accusations without solid evidence.",
    "When coordinated defense is evident, highlight the lack of independent reasoning and redirect suspicion towards the group. Focus on dismantling the coordination, not identifying the individuals.",
    "Respond calmly and logically to accusations, highlighting inconsistencies and redirecting suspicion. Avoid personal attacks.",
    "If a player consistently avoids direct questions or deflects inquiries, flag them as suspicious and prioritize gathering more information through indirect questioning. Use leading questions to expose inconsistencies."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize voting for suspected Werewolves based on evidence and reasoning. Don’t blindly follow popular opinion.",
    "IF a false Seer actively harms the village, prioritize voting them out AFTER confirming a Wolf's presence.",
    "In ties, vote against the player with the most aggressive rhetoric, unless a clear Wolf is evident.",
    "Analyze motivations behind votes. Look for patterns of unwavering loyalty, indicating a pack. If a player consistently votes with a specific group without logical justification, consider them part of a coordinated effort.",
    "If the village is split and there’s no clear evidence, vote for the player who has been most consistently evasive or defensive.",
    "In the late game, if facing a tie and unsure, vote for the player most likely to disrupt werewolf coordination."
  ],
  "Late Game": [
    "Indirectly extract information from confirmed Villagers without revealing suspicions. Frame questions to expose inconsistencies in Wolf reasoning.",
    "Be willing to sacrifice myself to reveal Wolves’ targets if it maximizes Villager victory chance. A calculated sacrifice can expose a critical weakness. Prioritize this if imminent defeat is likely.",
    "If a confirmed Wolf is about to win, prioritize exposing them, even at my own expense. The ultimate goal is Villager victory."
  ]
}