{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection above all else. If a Seer is identified and threatened, use Save immediately, even if it compromises other strategies.",
    "If no Seer threat, protect players exhibiting consistent, detailed logical reasoning. Favor those who dissect arguments and identify fallacies, not just offer opinions.",
    "IF Wolves target a protected player, IMMEDIATELY suspect the Guard. Question their protection choices, framing inquiries as assessing potential wolf benefit and inconsistencies.",
    "After Save is used, protect players who demonstrate strong logical reasoning and avoid aggressively defending others. Refrain from mirroring accusations.",
    "Consecutive protection of the same player by the Guard is a HIGHLY suspicious pattern. Re-evaluate targets immediately and question the Guard's motivations.",
    "IF Save is used and Wolves target a player, prioritize protecting a player who can identify logical fallacies and assess arguments critically."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Begin with open-ended questions to gauge reactions and identify inconsistencies. Avoid declarative statements initially.",
    "IF a player aggressively defends themselves or others, probe for logical fallacies and circular reasoning. Challenge their premises and assumptions.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, discredit the most aggressive claimant. Analyze their reasoning for premature certainty and attempts to shift blame. Demand evidence.",
    "IF a player consistently deflects blame or uses circular arguments, prioritize investigating their claims. Document mirroring accusations and demand concrete evidence.",
    "IF a player claims coordination, demand SPECIFIC details and scrutinize for mirroring. Challenge vague claims.",
    "Subtly question the Guard’s protection choices if illogical, framing it as an inquiry into potential wolf advantages. Note any shifts in their reasoning.",
    "Avoid mirroring accusations. Maintain a clear, logical line of reasoning. Focus on observable behavior.",
    "Pay close attention to players who jump to conclusions without sufficient evidence; they may be wolves manipulating the narrative."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "IF the Seer identifies a wolf, vote for that wolf IMMEDIATELY.",
    "IF no Seer information, vote based on patterns of behavior and accusations supported by evidence. Prioritize eliminating players demonstrating deception and deflection.",
    "Avoid voting out protected players unless overwhelming, irrefutable evidence exists.",
    "IF multiple players accuse the same individual, especially citing deflection or circular reasoning, vote for that individual.",
    "IF uncertain, vote for the player most aggressively defending others or shifting blame. Prioritize those exhibiting inconsistent behavior.",
    "Tie-breaking: Prioritize eliminating the player suspected by multiple players, exhibiting deflection, or employing circular arguments.",
    "IF a player consistently changes their vote based on the prevailing opinion, suspect wolf affiliation."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain neutrality initially to gather information. Observe and analyze before acting.",
    "Adapt strategy based on role reveals and evolving circumstances. Be flexible and responsive to new information.",
    "Be wary of players claiming perfect information or making sweeping generalizations. Challenge these claims with logical questioning.",
    "Recognize and counter wolf tactics: deflection, false accusations, claiming powerful roles, circular reasoning. Anticipate their moves.",
    "Always have a clear, logical reason for every action and vote. Document reasoning for later review.",
    "After using Save, prioritize identifying players exhibiting logical reasoning and adaptability. These are likely Villagers.",
    "IF the Guard is suspected, focus on discrediting their choices and highlighting inconsistencies. Examine their protection patterns.",
    "Document suspicions and reasoning to identify patterns and potential wolf coordination." ]
}