{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection above all else. If a choice must be made between protecting a Seer and another player, protect the Seer.",
    "Conserve the Save potion. Use only if a demonstrably logical player is targeted *and* the wolf target is visible. Delay as long as possible, particularly if the Guard’s actions are unclear.",
    "If targeted, immediately assess if the Guard protected. If not, use Save potion immediately and publicly accuse the wolves of targeting a logical player.",
    "Closely observe Guard protection choices. Repeated protection of the same player with weak justification is highly suspect. Publicly question these patterns, demanding justification.",
    "Briefly note Seer investigation results (alignment only). Do not reveal findings unless strategically advantageous and verifiable."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Relentlessly identify and expose deflection tactics, providing specific examples. Focus on *how* the tactic obscures logical reasoning.",
    "IF accused: Frame the accusation as deflection, demanding verifiable examples. Redirect the focus back to the accuser’s inconsistencies.",
    "IF observing deflection: Articulate *how* it undermines the discussion's logical flow. Explain *why* it’s unproductive.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer: Demand verifiable investigation methods. Ask: 'Describe your process and how it eliminates ambiguity?' Focus on the process, not the outcome. Prioritize Seers who provide detailed and logical reasoning.",
    "After exile: Scrutinize immediate reactions (blame-shifting, silence). Challenge silence directly. Focus on the *manner* of reaction, not just the content.",
    "Analyze voting patterns for coordinated support (wolf protection). Identify patterns of consistent support regardless of logical justification.",
    "Challenge unsubstantiated claims directly, requesting clarity. Demand concrete reasoning.",
    "Pay close attention to unusually quiet players after accusations. Proactively engage them with direct, logical questions.",
    "Publicly question the Guard’s protection choices, especially if they seem illogical or benefit a specific player consistently. Frame this as ensuring proper guard duties.",
    "If a player consistently defends others without logical justifications, consider them a suspect.",
    "IF a player consistently uses rhetorical questions to avoid answering direct inquiries, flag them as a potential deflector."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on the strongest logical evidence, prioritizing demonstrable inconsistencies and deflection.",
    "Strong suspect: Vote decisively, explaining reasoning emphasizing deflection and lack of logical support.",
    "IF uncertain: Prioritize voting for the player exhibiting the most consistent and disruptive deflection. Abstain if a vote is tied nearing the threshold to avoid empowering a wolf.",
    "IF accused of being a wolf: Highlight accuser inconsistencies, frame the accusation as deflection, and emphasize logical reasoning.",
    "Analyze who benefits from exile. Wolves often protect each other. Prioritize voting against players who consistently benefit from the exile of logical players."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Assess the exile's impact. Did it weaken a wolf group or protect one? Re-evaluate suspicions based on new information. Adjust strategy accordingly.",
    "Pay close attention to silent or avoiding accusations after exile – potential complicity. Directly challenge any attempts to deflect blame.",
    "Analyze the voting patterns of the eliminated player; identify potential wolf alliances. Look for consistent support patterns that defy logical reasoning.",
    "Assess if deflection tactics persist; adapt questioning strategies. If deflection continues, focus on exposing the *process* of deflection, not just the claims.",
    "Immediately after an exile, observe reactions of all remaining players. Wolves attempt to quickly shift blame. Challenge immediate blame-shifting.",
    "If the exiled player was a suspected deflector, analyze if their allies continue using similar tactics. Prioritize voting against those continuing the deflection pattern."
  ]
}