{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer Protection: ALWAYS protect the Seer unless a confirmed werewolf actively targets a critical villager with strong analytical skills. If the Seer is targeted and a valuable villager is also targeted, prioritize saving the Seer.",
    "Confirmed Wolf Targeting & Critical Villager: IF a confirmed werewolf targets a villager with strong analytical skills, prioritize protecting them over the Seer.",
    "Poison Usage (Seer Eliminated & No Clear Target): IF the Seer is eliminated AND no clear wolf targets are identified, poison the player exhibiting the most aggressive deflection or false Seer claims. Prioritize the player most disrupting logical deduction.",
    "Protection Rotation: Rotate protection targets every other night, prioritizing players actively contributing to logical analysis and deduction. If a player consistently provides valuable insights, prioritize their protection. Prioritize protecting those actively challenging deflection.",
    "Early Game Assessment: Round 1, prioritize protecting the Seer. Subsequent rounds, evaluate player contribution to deduction and potential threat level. Note players exhibiting early deflection.",
    "IF Witch has both potions, and a confirmed wolf is identified, use SAVE on the confirmed wolf target, then POISON a player exhibiting aggressive deflection."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediate Accusations Scrutiny: Immediately question players making swift, unsubstantiated accusations. Demand specific reasoning and evidence. Note the accuser's own behavior and identify deflection.",
    "Seer Claim Verification: IF multiple people claim Seer, demand verifiable evidence and scrutinize inconsistencies. Require specific details and logical reasoning; challenge claims aggressively. Prioritize challenging the most aggressive claimant. IF a Seer claim is weak, aggressively expose the inconsistencies.",
    "Defense Pattern Analysis: Identify who defends whom and WHY. Repeated, unexplained defense is highly suspicious. Note defenders, particularly if they defend those making unfounded accusations. Aggressively question illogical defenses.",
    "Mirroring Detection: Be highly suspicious of players mirroring arguments, especially under scrutiny. Focus investigation on the instigator. If mirroring occurs, target the instigator first.",
    "Aggressive Accusation Response: IF aggressively targeted without evidence, immediately highlight the accuser's lack of evidence and focus on their deflection tactics. Pivot to their behavior, not their accusations.",
    "Rapid Redirection Assessment: IF a player rapidly redirects suspicion, question their motives and look for patterns of deflection. Track redirection frequency and note who they redirect suspicion towards. Pay close attention to who they consistently redirect suspicion from.",
    "Early Game Observation: Observe responses to Seer findings. A strong defensive reaction to innocent findings is highly suspect. Note players who immediately become defensive when presented with information, regardless of its nature.",
    "IF a player consistently defends another against all evidence, escalate questioning of both players."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Confirmed Wolf Vote: Immediate and decisive exile of confirmed werewolves.",
    "Consensus-Based Voting: IF unsure, vote based on consensus and compelling arguments, prioritizing disruptive players shielding suspicious individuals. Avoid splitting the vote.",
    "Wolf Protector Targeting: Vote for players consistently shielding suspicious individuals, especially if they are exhibiting deflection.",
    "Strategic Abstention: Abstain only if a vote will clearly fracture the village and benefit the wolves.",
    "Logical Alignment: Align votes with the group demonstrating the most logical reasoning and actively challenging deflection.",
    "Mirroring Vote: IF multiple players are mirroring accusations, vote to break the pattern and expose the instigator.",
    "Deflection Targeting: If a player consistently uses deflection as a primary strategy, prioritize voting them out.",
    "IF a vote is tied and likely to benefit wolves, abstain."
  ],
  "General Notes": [
    "Detailed Observation Documentation: Maintain a running log of player behavior, defensive alliances, and deflection patterns. Record specific quotes and actions.",
    "Wolf Pair Identification: Recognize wolves often work in pairs; focus on identifying these partnerships and their coordinated defenses. Watch for synchronized behavior. Target both wolves simultaneously if possible.",
    "Adaptability: Be flexible and responsive to changing game dynamics and shifting alliances. Adjust strategy based on new information.",
    "Maintain Neutrality: Maintain a neutral persona to avoid becoming a primary target.",
    "Information Prioritization: Seer information is paramount; prioritize its protection and subsequent analysis.",
    "Recognize Deflection Patterns: Look for players who consistently deflect accusations and redirect suspicion; treat them as high-priority suspects."
  ]
}