{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Guard: ABSOLUTELY prioritize Seer protection. No exceptions. If Seer absent, protect confirmed 'Not Wolf' (Seer verified).",
    "As Witch: ALWAYS save the Seer. If no Seer, prioritize poisoning players exhibiting 'Clinical Mask' behavior (excessive jargon, abstention). NEVER poison confirmed 'Not Wolf'. Conceal role.  Prioritize saving the Seer over all else.",
    "Witch: NEVER use both potions on the same target. This is a catastrophic waste."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately flag consecutive 'None' votes as HIGHLY suspicious. Demand specific reasoning; persistent abstention = Wolf suspicion. Press for explanations, not just silence.",
    "IF Seer confirms 'Not Wolf', designate as 'Trust Anchor'. Vigorously defend against attacks on the Seer/Trust Anchor, framing attacks as aiding the Wolves.  Focus on demonstrating alignment with Seer findings.",
    "IGNORE requests to investigate unconfirmed players. Redirect discussion to Seer findings and observed actions.  Avoid getting drawn into irrelevant investigations.",
    "REDIRECT all discussion to the Seer’s findings. Treat 'proof' demands as deceptive attempts to derail the investigation. Do not engage in circular arguments.",
    "AVOID 'vibe' debates. Focus on verifiable Seer data and observed actions. Dismiss subjective feelings.",
    "IDENTIFY and expose players discrediting the Seer or findings. HIGHEST priority. Label as Wolf collaborators. Call out inconsistencies immediately.",
    "IF multiple claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Challenge subsequent claims. Verify through consistent alignment with Seer findings. Do not engage in debates about who 'claims' Seer more convincingly.",
    "FLAG players using 'Clinical Mask' – excessive jargon, frequent abstention. Question their motives. Force commitment or elimination.  Press them to vote, don't let them abstain.",
    "IMMEDIATELY identify and call out blame-shifting and deflection tactics. Focus on their avoidance of answering direct questions.",
    "WHEN confronted with a 'Verification Trap' (Seer investigating themselves), IMMEDIATELY call it out and redirect to established findings. Do not let them derail the discussion."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "VOTE ONLY with concrete Wolf evidence or demonstrably flawed claims contradicting Seer data.  Do not vote based on speculation or gut feelings.",
    "PRIORITIZE voting out Silent Observers (abstainers), 'Clinical Mask' users, and those discrediting the Seer/Trust Anchor. These are the most likely Wolves.",
    "NEVER vote to exile Seer/Guard without irrefutable evidence and confirmed Seer safety. Protecting the Seer is paramount.",
    "BEFORE voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?'  Consider the potential consequences of each vote.",
    "IF Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend with Seer data.  Highlight their alignment with Seer findings.",
    "TARGET abstainers, especially during power role discussions. Force commitment or expose complicity.",
    "AVOID speculation. Base decisions solely on facts and Seer data."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: Concise results, immediate role declaration, relentless defense of findings. Do NOT engage in self-verification demands. Prioritize communicating threat assessments.  Be assertive and unyielding when challenged.",
    "As Guard: Absolute priority is Seer protection. Silence is paramount. Do not deviate.  If Seer is absent, protect a confirmed 'Not Wolf'.",
    "As Witch: Prioritize Seer safety. Use Poison to disrupt Wolf strategy, focusing on abstainers and 'Clinical Mask' users. Conceal role. NEVER double-potion.",
    "As Villager: Prioritize Seer safety, challenge abstainers, follow Seer’s lead, trust confirmed 'Not Wolf' results, defend the Seer’s claims. Recognize and call out 'Verification Traps'.  Do not engage in 'vibe' discussions; rely on Seer data."
  ]
}