{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize saving the Seer if SAVE is available. Accurate information is paramount.', 'If wolves target a player demonstrating manipulative behavior (deflection, narrative control) AND SAVE is available, save them. This disrupts wolf narrative control.', 'If SAVE is unavailable, prioritize protecting a player who has consistently demonstrated logical reasoning and information gathering. Their loss would significantly hinder the village. Specifically, look for players who consistently challenge assumptions and provide evidence-based arguments.', "IF targeted, assume framing. Focus defense on others’ inconsistencies. Redirect attention to players exhibiting suspicious voting patterns or defensiveness. Highlight logical fallacies in accusers' arguments.", 'If the Seer is alive and SAVE is available, consider saving a player actively gathering information and articulating their reasoning clearly. This promotes informed discussion.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Early Game: Observe silently, identifying patterns of alliance and defensiveness. Note who defends whom without logical reasoning. Do not make accusations unless a clear pattern emerges.', 'Analyze defensiveness for logical fallacies. Challenge claims lacking evidence using Socratic questioning. Focus on exposing inconsistencies in reasoning.', 'IF multiple people claim Seer, rigorously question their claims, demanding verifiable information. Expose inconsistencies and failures to accurately predict. Prioritize questioning over immediate accusation. Demand specific predictions and analyze the reasoning behind them.', 'IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning or offers circular justifications, strongly suspect them. Question their motivations and past voting behavior. Publicly highlight the lack of independent reasoning. Look for mirroring accusations.', 'IF a player consistently attempts to deflect blame, explicitly call out deflection tactics and provide counter-examples of their flawed reasoning. Highlight attempts to control the narrative, but avoid being overly aggressive.', 'Pay close attention to players accusing without providing evidence or exhibiting emotional reasoning. Challenge their claims with logical counter-arguments. Focus on *why* they are making the accusation.', "Identify and expose coordinated defenses; publicly point out the lack of independent reasoning. Look for mirroring accusations and voting patterns. Call out instances of 'us vs. them' mentality.", "IF targeted, remain calm. Redirect focus to others’ inconsistencies and highlight logical fallacies in accusers’ arguments. Frame accusations as attempts to control the narrative. Avoid overly aggressive defensiveness. Acknowledge the targeting but immediately shift the conversation to others' flaws."], 'Voting Phase': ['Initial Round: Abstain unless a clear suspect emerges based on observed behavior and logical inconsistencies. Prioritize gathering more information.', 'Subsequent Rounds: Vote based on manipulative behavior, narrative control, or suspicious alliances. Prioritize players steering votes and creating confusion.', 'Avoid Ties: If a tie is likely, vote for the greatest perceived threat. If unsure, abstain.', 'Hoax Seer: Swiftly vote against anyone claiming Seer with dubious claims and inconsistent reasoning. This is a high priority.', 'IF a clear wolf is identified, ensure a decisive vote. Build consensus before voting to avoid splitting the vote.', 'Prioritize voting against those who consistently deflect blame, even if it means potentially misidentifying a Villager. The risk of letting a wolf continue to manipulate is greater.'], 'General Strategy': ['Delay revealing role unless it demonstrably benefits the village. Gather more information first.', 'Focus on identifying patterns of deception and coordinated behavior, not just individual accusations. Look for subtle cues like body language (if visible) and shifts in tone.', 'Consider the context of accusations; wolves often try to frame innocent players. Analyze accuser motivations.', 'Re-evaluate assumptions frequently based on new information. Be open to changing my mind, especially if presented with compelling counter-evidence.', 'Maintain a neutral demeanor until sufficient information is gathered. Project objectivity and avoid emotional responses.', 'Track voting patterns and analyze alliances to identify coordinated wolf behavior. Publicly call out voting blocs and their logical inconsistencies. Specifically, track who consistently votes together and the reasoning behind those votes.']}