{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Save Potion: Prioritize confirmed Seers or Guards under immediate, unfounded attack. If no clear target and the Witch sees the wolf target, save the player most aggressively targeted after a night kill, especially if the targeting seems coordinated. Otherwise, prioritize saving potential Seers/Guards.",
    "Poison Potion: Target players exhibiting extreme deflection *after* a kill, particularly those immediately accusing others without evidence. Prioritize attacking players protecting suspected wolves. If the Witch sees the wolf target, confirm before poisoning. If the targeting is coordinated, and the wolf target is known, prioritize the player exhibiting the most aggressive and unfounded accusations.",
    "Guard Protection: Rotate targets, prioritizing Seers and players under unjustified attack. Avoid protecting players consistently defended by others unless strategically advantageous to isolate suspects. If a player is repeatedly protected, investigate carefully. Consider the potential for a coordinated attack – protecting a player who is clearly a target can draw out the wolves. IF the guard protected a player immediately after a kill, suspect the guard is a wolf or complicit."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Initial Observation: Remain silent for 1-2 minutes, noting defenders and accusation speed. Observe for immediate redirection after a kill.",
    "Seer Verification: IF multiple people claim Seer, demand specific investigation methods and challenge inconsistencies. Cross-reference claims with previous behavior. Demand a specific player to be investigated and their reasoning. Prioritize challenging claims with pointed questions about specific investigations. IF a Seer claims to have investigated a player, demand the player's name and the result. Check for consistency.",
    "Deflection Identification: Aggressively call out redirection attempts, particularly those occurring immediately after a night kill or exile. Note immediate accusations after Seer revelations and point out inconsistencies. Specifically, if someone is immediately accused *after* a kill, question their involvement and motivation.",
    "Narrative Control Disruption: Challenge dominant speakers avoiding direct questions. Redirect focus to facts and previous events. Ask direct questions about previous actions and accusations. Prioritize questioning the reasoning behind accusations rather than simply accepting them.",
    "Early Targeting Analysis: Investigate *why* a player is targeted early – wolves protect allies or sow discord. Note coordinated targeting. Prioritize investigating the motivations behind early targeting. Determine if early targeting is a distraction or a genuine threat.",
    "Role Claim Assessment: Treat claims skeptically. Challenge Seer claims with specific questions. Demand details. Ask 'Why would you, specifically, be the Seer?'",
    "Suspicious Alliances: Investigate motives of aggressive defenders. Question their loyalty. Look for patterns of defending specific players.",
    "Mirroring Detection: Flag players using similar phrasing as potentially coordinating. Note any instances of direct echoing of accusations or defenses. IF multiple players exhibit mirroring, treat them as a high-priority investigation target."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Verified Wolf: Exile immediately.",
    "Consistent Deflection: Vote out, especially if coordinated. Focus on players consistently shifting blame.",
    "Narrative Control: Vote out players manipulating discussion. Target those dominating the conversation and avoiding direct answers.",
    "Suspicious Alliances: Vote for the defender, especially if defending scrutiny. Prioritize disrupting potential wolf packs.",
    "Coordinated Voting: Investigate *why* multiple players push for the same exile. Prioritize benefiting parties. Note if the exile benefits a specific player or group.",
    "Multiple Defenders: Investigate defenders - likely wolves or accomplices. Prioritize the most vocal.",
    "Guard Protection Consideration: IF a consistently protected player is suspicious, cautiously investigate before voting. Consider if protection is a deliberate tactic. If protection seems overly persistent, it warrants careful scrutiny. IF a player is consistently protected, consider the possibility they are a wolf and the protector is an accomplice."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Analyze exile justification logic for deception patterns. Look for inconsistencies and illogical reasoning.",
    "Note relief or deflection attempts after exile. Watch for redirection. Prioritize players who immediately attempt to change the subject.",
    "Re-evaluate suspicions based on new information. Prioritize relieved/redirecting players.",
    "Assess exile’s impact on alliances – strengthened/weakened groups? Note shifts in alliances.",
    "Assess if the exile benefited wolves or villagers. Note relieved players and their motivations."
  ]
}