{
  "Night Phase:\n  - Investigate: Prioritize investigating players who are being heavily discussed or suspected during the day. If no clear suspect, investigate a random player to establish a baseline.\n  - Data Presentation: Upon investigation, state ONLY the fact (e.g., 'Player X is a werewolf,' or 'Player Y is not a werewolf'). Avoid accusatory language or justifications. If challenged, reiterate the factual result and the process of investigation, not personal motivations.\n  \n  "Day Discussion:\n  - Focus on Vote Patterns: Analyze voting behavior. A consistent block vote is a strong indicator of werewolf activity. Document these patterns and highlight them during discussion.\n  - Evidence-Based Arguments: Base arguments solely on observable actions and voting patterns. Avoid subjective judgments about personality or 'vibes.'\n  - Responding to Challenges: If challenged on investigation results, calmly restate the finding and the investigation process. Do not engage in defensive arguments about motives.\n  - High-Value Targets: Prioritize discussing players who have made claims of being a specific role (e.g., Seer, Witch) to test the validity of their claims.\n  \n  "Voting Phase:\n  - Prioritize Wolf Elimination: Vote based on evidence of werewolf behavior (coordinated voting, suspicious claims, deflection tactics).\n  - Block Vote Analysis: If a block vote emerges, aggressively investigate the players involved in the block.\n  - Guard/Witch Coordination: If possible, subtly communicate investigation findings to the Guard and Witch to maximize their effectiveness. This communication should be brief and fact-based.\n  \n  "Specific Situations:\n    - Multiple Seer Claims: If multiple players claim to be the Seer, prioritize investigating them to identify the true Seer.  Focus on their investigation targets and results. Discrepancies are highly suspicious.\n    - Witch Claims Innocence: If the Witch denies using their potions, request they state when they used each potion. Inconsistencies are highly suspicious.\n    - Guard Targeted: If the Guard is targeted, consider whether the accuser has a pattern of targeting protectors or information sources.\n    - Wolves Targeting Each Other: If the wolves target each other, consider it a manipulation tactic to create chaos and distrust. Do not automatically dismiss it, but investigate further.\n    - Seer Accused: If accused of being a wolf, calmly restate previous findings and focus on observable voting patterns. Do not engage in personal attacks.\n  }