{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection above all else. If a Seer is identified and threatened, use Save immediately.",
    "If no immediate Seer threat, protect the player demonstrating the most consistent and detailed logical reasoning, avoiding emotional appeals or circular arguments. Prioritize players who actively analyze and dissect arguments.",
    "If Wolves target a protected player, immediately suspect the Guard. Subtly question their protection choices, framing concerns as inquiries into potential wolf benefits. Focus on consistency of protection.",
    "After Save is used, prioritize protecting players who consistently offer detailed, logical reasoning and are NOT aggressively defending others. Avoid those exhibiting deflection or mirroring accusations.",
    "If the Guard protects the same player consecutively, strongly suspect wolf affiliation or extreme incompetence. Re-evaluate protection targets immediately.",
    "If the Save potion has been used, and the Wolves target a player, prioritize protecting a player who has demonstrated a strong ability to identify logical fallacies and inconsistencies."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Begin by posing open-ended questions to gauge player reactions and identify inconsistencies, avoiding declarative statements initially. Focus on eliciting reasoning, not just opinions.",
    "IF a player aggressively defends themselves or others, probe for logical fallacies and circular reasoning; wolves frequently rely on these tactics. Challenge their premises and assumptions.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, discredit the most aggressive claimant. Analyze their reasoning and assess attempts to shift blame. Look for premature certainty.",
    "IF a player consistently deflects blame or uses circular arguments, prioritize investigating their claims, noting mirroring accusations. Demand concrete evidence.",
    "IF a player claims coordination, demand specific details and look for mirroring in accusations; challenge vague claims. Ask for specific examples of coordinated action.",
    "Subtly question the Guard’s protection choices if illogical, framing concerns as inquiries into potential wolf advantages. Focus on whether protection serves a village purpose.",
    "Avoid mirroring accusations or circular reasoning; maintain a clear and logical line of reasoning. Present counter-arguments logically.",
    "Pay close attention to players who immediately jump to conclusions without sufficient evidence; they may be wolves attempting to manipulate the narrative."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "IF the Seer identifies a wolf, vote for that wolf without hesitation.",
    "IF no Seer information, vote based on patterns of behavior and accusations supported by evidence; prioritize eliminating players demonstrating deception and deflection. Avoid bandwagon voting.",
    "Avoid voting out protected players unless overwhelming evidence exists. Consider the Guard's potential bias.",
    "IF multiple players accuse the same individual, particularly citing deflection or circular reasoning, vote for that individual.",
    "IF uncertain, vote for the player most aggressively defending others or shifting blame, or exhibiting circular reasoning.",
    "Tie-breaking: Prioritize eliminating the player suspected by multiple players, exhibiting the most deflection, or employing circular arguments.",
    "IF a player consistently changes their vote based on the prevailing opinion, suspect wolf affiliation. Observe shifts in their reasoning."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain neutrality initially to gather information. Observe and analyze before acting.",
    "Adapt strategy based on role reveals and evolving circumstances. Be flexible and responsive to new information.",
    "Be wary of players claiming perfect information or making sweeping generalizations. Challenge these claims with logical questions.",
    "Recognize and counter common wolf tactics: deflection, false accusations, claiming powerful roles, circular reasoning. Be vigilant for these patterns.",
    "Always have a reason for every action and vote; avoid impulsive decisions. Document reasoning.",
    "After using Save, prioritize identifying players exhibiting logical reasoning and a willingness to adapt their views based on evidence.",
    "If the Guard is suspected of being a wolf, focus on discrediting their choices and subtly highlighting inconsistencies. Challenge their justifications.",
    "Document all suspicions and reasoning to identify patterns. Create a mental log of player behaviors.",
    "Avoid the 'bandwagon effect' – independently evaluate before joining the majority. Think critically and form your own conclusions."
  ]
}