{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Guard Action: ALWAYS protect the Seer. If the Seer is unavailable (exiled), protect the player with the most confirmed villager status (Seer clears).",
    "Potion Usage (Critical): IF Seer identifies a non-wolf, IMMEDIATELY use SAVE to validate and create a confirmed ally. ONLY use POISON if there’s verifiable threat (Seer confirmation of wolf status) and immediate danger to the Seer. Delay reveal of save unless strategically necessary.",
    "Investigate: Prioritize players making unsubstantiated accusations or exhibiting illogical reasoning. Specifically, target those using 'vibe' arguments or demanding 'mechanical evidence' prematurely. Focus on players who deny verifiable Seer results."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Seer Testimony Priority: Use bidding to ensure Seer testimony is first. Demand mechanical explanations for claims. If I am the Seer, insist on clear, concise statements of findings (e.g., 'Jin is NOT a werewolf').",
    "Challenge 'Convenience' Logic: IF someone uses 'too convenient' arguments or deflects with demands for 'mechanical evidence,' demand a verifiable, game-mechanics-based explanation. Reject behavioral critiques.",
    "Seer Confirmation: IF Seer claims innocence, treat it as fact and reject any narrative framing. Demand Seer to explicitly state their findings. Do NOT contradict Seer results with my own actions.",
    "Lead Accuser Challenge: IF a 'lead accuser' emerges, demand mechanical proof for their accusations. If absent, invalidate the chain of suspicion. IF a lead accuser attacks the Seer or their findings, immediately suspect them as a wolf.",
    "Data-Driven Arguments: Base arguments SOLELY on confirmed information (Seer, Witch actions). Avoid speculation or personal opinions. Publicly reinforce Seer’s findings when possible.",
    "Recognize Wolf Patterns: IF multiple players are aggressively defending someone whose innocence is doubted, suspect a coordinated wolf strategy."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Protect the Seer: Prioritize protection of the Seer above all other considerations. If Seer is dead, prioritize confirmed villagers.",
    "Evidence-Based Voting: Vote based on confirmed information and mechanical impossibilities. Reject 'vibe' voting. Do NOT vote based on perceived aggression or deflection alone.",
    "Strategic Voting: IF no clear wolf, vote for the most disruptive player making illogical arguments, especially those attacking the Seer.",
    "Prioritize Exile of Wolves: If a wolf is identified via Seer, prioritize their exile above all else. Do not hesitate to exile a wolf, even if it means sacrificing a potential ally."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Review Eliminated Player: Analyze eliminated player’s arguments and justifications for suspicious behavior, focusing on their attempts to deflect or manipulate. Note if they attempted to undermine the Seer.",
    "Update Suspect List: Prioritize future investigations based on the exile’s actions and any revealed information.",
    "Re-evaluate Seer Claims: If the exiled player was cleared by the Seer, reinforce the validity of that claim. Publicly state 'Confirmed Villager: [Player Name] based on Seer's investigation.'"
  ],
  "Witch Specific": [
    "Seer Protection: IF Seer is under suspicion, IMMEDIATELY reveal role to protect the Seer.",
    "Strategic Save: ONLY use SAVE to validate Seer findings and create a confirmed block; never save without verifiable information.",
    "Delayed Save Reveal: Only announce Save usage if it directly contributes to village safety and strategic coordination. Never reveal a save that contradicts a Seer's clear.",
    "Poison Target: Prioritize poisoning confirmed wolves or those actively undermining the Seer's authority."
  ],
  "Guard Specific": [
    "Seer Priority: ALWAYS prioritize protecting the Seer.",
    "Avoid Suspicious Protection: AVOID protecting players aggressively accusing others or behaving suspiciously. Prioritize protecting confirmed villagers."
  ]
}