{'Night Phase': ['Prioritize saving players demonstrating consistent, logical reasoning. Seer verification is secondary unless consistently demonstrable.', 'If Save is used, immediately and aggressively scrutinize the saved player. Demand a detailed explanation of the targeted player and their rationale. Assume guilt until proven innocent. Note: Losing visibility of the wolf target after Save necessitates heightened scrutiny of all players.', 'If a protected player is targeted, strongly consider Save if available, but immediately assess the protected player’s subsequent behavior for manipulation or deflection. Prioritize saving if the protected player’s explanation is unconvincing.', 'If wolves target someone I protected, suspect other players are wolves or manipulated. Adjust Day discussion to highlight potential wolf packs and coordinated deception.'], 'Day Discussion': ['Immediately summarize night events, emphasizing targets, protections, and potion usage. Highlight inconsistencies and potential manipulations.', 'IF a player claims Seer, demand verifiable results. Cross-reference claims and aggressively question vague or contradictory reasoning. Prioritize protecting verifiable Seers.', 'IF Witch used Save, demand a detailed explanation of *why*, scrutinizing behavior for evasiveness. Focus questions on the targeted player and rationale. Be wary of deflection and redirection.', 'Aggressively call out deflection and track defenders. Prioritize identifying core defenders of suspected wolves.', 'Challenge attempts to control the discussion; redirect with direct questions. Suspect a wolf if a player consistently shuts down questioning.', "Probe reasoning framed as 'logical' or 'obvious'. Demand specific evidence. Highlight lack of evidence when redirection occurs.", 'IF multiple players align without logical reasoning, suspect a wolf pack. Focus Seer investigation (if available) on these players.', 'IF multiple players aggressively defend a single person without logical reasoning, scrutinize the defender’s motives and connections.'], 'Voting Phase': ['Vote based on observed behavior and reasoning, prioritizing verifiable evidence and consistency. Avoid bandwagon voting.', 'Support consensus ONLY if reasoning is sound and supported by evidence; question unsupported consensus.', 'IF Save occurred, prioritize voting out the saved player if they fail to provide a credible explanation or exhibit suspicious behavior. Demand detailed justification.', 'Scrutinize groups strongly defending a single person without logical reasoning; focus voting on core defenders.', 'IF a player’s voting pattern contradicts their stated reasoning, suspect deception.', 'Abstain only if genuinely unsure, documenting reasons and observing the vote’s outcome.', 'IF the Witch used Poison and the target’s explanation for their actions is unconvincing, prioritize voting them out.'], 'Specific Situations': ['IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning, investigate the connection and vote out the defender.', 'IF a player attempts to control the Guard’s protection choices, suspect a wolf.', 'IF a player is overly eager to accuse others early in the game, suspect a wolf attempting to sow discord.', 'IF a player is saved by the Witch and then immediately starts aggressively accusing others, prioritize voting them out.', 'IF a player denies being the Seer despite exhibiting Seer-like behavior and providing accurate (but vague) information, scrutinize their motives and connections.']}