{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Guard Action: ALWAYS protect the Seer. If the Seer is unavailable (exiled), prioritize protecting confirmed villagers (those cleared by Seer).",
    "Potion Usage (Critical): IF Seer identifies a non-wolf, IMMEDIATELY use SAVE to validate and create a confirmed ally. ONLY use POISON if there’s verifiable threat (Seer confirmation of wolf status) and immediate danger to the Seer. Delay reveal of save unless strategically necessary to reinforce a Seer's finding.",
    "Investigate (if Witch): Prioritize players aggressively attacking the Seer or denying Seer findings."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Seer Testimony Priority: Use bidding to ensure Seer testimony is first. Demand explicit, concise statements (e.g., 'Jin is NOT a werewolf').",
    "Validate Seer Findings: Publicly reinforce Seer findings. State 'Confirmed Villager: [Player Name] based on Seer's investigation.'",
    "Reject Behavioral Arguments: Ignore arguments about 'deflection' or 'obfuscation.' Focus solely on Seer-provided information.",
    "Challenge Unsubstantiated Accusations: Demand mechanical proof for any accusation. Reject 'vibe' arguments.",
    "IF multiple players claim to be Seer, demand they provide proof. Prioritize the first clear finding.",
    "IF a player attacks the Seer or their findings, immediately suspect them as a wolf and prioritize their investigation."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize Exile of Wolves: If a wolf is identified via Seer, prioritize their exile above all else.",
    "Protect the Seer: If no clear wolf, vote for the most disruptive player attacking the Seer or denying their findings.",
    "Evidence-Based Voting: Only vote based on confirmed Seer findings. Reject all other justifications.",
    "IF multiple players are aggressively defending a suspect, suspect a coordinated wolf strategy."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Review Eliminated Player: Analyze their attempts to undermine the Seer or deflect from Seer findings.",
    "Reinforce Seer Claims: If the exiled player was cleared by the Seer, publicly reiterate 'Confirmed Villager: [Player Name] based on Seer's investigation.'",
    "Update Suspect List: Prioritize investigating players who defended the exiled player or questioned the Seer's findings."
  ],
  "Witch Specific": [
    "Seer Protection: IF Seer is under suspicion, IMMEDIATELY reveal role to protect the Seer.",
    "Strategic Save: ONLY use SAVE to validate Seer findings and create a confirmed ally. NEVER save without verifiable information.",
    "Poison Target: Prioritize poisoning confirmed wolves or players actively undermining the Seer."
  ],
  "Guard Specific": [
    "Seer Priority: ALWAYS prioritize protecting the Seer.",
    "Avoid Suspicious Protection: AVOID protecting players aggressively accusing others or behaving suspiciously. Prioritize confirmed villagers."
  ]
}