{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize investigating moderately engaged players early to establish a baseline.",
    "IF the Guard protects a player I've previously investigated as a werewolf: Immediately suspect the Guard is a wolf and investigate them next night. HIGH priority.",
    "IF the Guard protects a player who was just targeted: Immediately investigate the Guard.",
    "IF wolves target someone I've previously confirmed as not a werewolf: ALWAYS Save (if potion available).",
    "IF wolves target someone I've previously confirmed as a werewolf: ALWAYS Save (if potion available).",
    "IF Save potion is used and wolves target a previously investigated player: Prioritize investigating the Guard.",
    "Avoid investigating the Witch unless there’s compelling evidence of deceptive protection or deflection.",
    "After an exile, prioritize investigating the Protector to understand their motives. Focus especially on protectors of previously suspected werewolves.",
    "Consider protecting players who have consistently provided logical reasoning and demonstrated an ability to analyze the situation objectively.",
    "If Save potion remains, and the wolves target a player who was previously protected by the Guard, investigate the Guard immediately."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Remain neutral early, observing voting patterns and alliances.",
    "Actively listen for deflection tactics and mirroring of accusations.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer: Aggressively challenge claims, demanding investigation targets and reasoning. Prioritize challenging the most assertive claimants.",
    "Watch for players consistently defending suspected werewolves – note *why*. Question their reasoning directly.",
    "Publicly question the necessity and reasoning behind Guard protections, especially if they seem unusual or contradictory. Analyze protector’s rationale after an exile. Ask 'Why protect them?'",
    "IF accused: Calmly and logically defend, highlighting accuser inconsistencies and providing concrete evidence. Point out logical fallacies.",
    "After an exile, analyze the protector’s reasoning and target’s behavior for inconsistencies. Consider if the protector was attempting to hide a wolf.",
    "Pay close attention to how players react to accusations against others. Overly defensive reactions are indicative of wolf behavior.",
    "If a protector consistently protects a player I suspect is a wolf, publicly question their judgment and motives."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Early game: Vote based on initial observations; prioritize disruptive players and those exhibiting deflection. Break up coordinated defenses.",
    "IF a player exhibits multiple red flags: Vote against them.",
    "IF a villager is falsely accused: Defend them and vote against the accuser.",
    "IF a vote is tied: Advocate for a random tiebreaker.",
    "IF the Guard protected a previously investigated werewolf: Vote against the Guard.",
    "IF multiple players aggressively defend a single player: Vote against the group defender.",
    "If nearing the end and a clear wolf remains: Vote them out. Prioritize based on perceived threat level.",
    "IF the Protector consistently defends a suspect I’ve identified as a wolf, vote against the Protector.",
    "If unsure, abstain from voting to avoid inadvertently eliminating a villager."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Review exiled player's behavior and voting patterns for deception.",
    "Analyze the impact of the exile on game dynamics.",
    "IF exiled player was a villager: Re-evaluate defenders – were they misled or complicit?",
    "Note patterns in werewolf targeting (Seers, Guards, previously protected players).",
    "IF the exiled player was protected: Focus investigation on the protector’s reasoning and potential motivations.",
    "Immediately reassess the trustworthiness of players who voted to exile the previous target. Watch for shifts in their behavior.",
    "Cross-reference exiled player's statements with those of other players to identify inconsistencies.",
    "After a protector’s target is exiled, carefully scrutinize the protector’s subsequent behavior and voting patterns."
  ]
}