{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Save on confirmed Seers with verifiable claims. Verification requires consistent, logical reasoning during the day; a single claim is insufficient.",
    "If no confirmed Seer and targeted, use Save. Assess target’s behavior – is it a strategic attack or reflexive response? Early targeting (round 1) suggests a strategic move.",
    "If Guard protects a player, avoid using Save unless strong evidence exists (e.g., known wolf targeting or Seer confirmation). A wasted Save is detrimental.",
    "Delay Poison unless a confirmed wolf or demonstrably disruptive player is identified. Observe wolf targets for patterns and coordinated defense. Prioritize poisoning players exhibiting coordinated defense.",
    "If Save is used, Poison becomes the highest priority. Target players actively undermining the investigation and spreading misinformation. Prioritize targets who deflect blame."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Approach Seer claims with extreme skepticism. Demand verifiable reasoning – specific observations, not just assertions. Cross-reference claims with observed behavior.",
    "Early accusations are often wolf tactics. Identify those who defend without justification or offer weak, circular reasoning. Note who is *immediately* defensive.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize analyzing their behavior and justifications, not simply accepting claims. Look for inconsistencies and who defends whom. Test claims with targeted questions about past nights and reasoning. Focus on identifying which claimant is most defended by others. Prioritize those whose claims are most vehemently defended.",
    "Probe silent players with direct, specific questions. Evaluate defensiveness and evasiveness. Silence is suspicious but not conclusive.",
    "Pay attention to the *manner* of deflection – calculated redirection is less suspicious than panicked denials. Identify patterns of blame-shifting. Repeated redirection without substance is a red flag.",
    "IF a player consistently redirects blame or accuses others without providing evidence, mark them as highly suspicious. Note who they are defending and why.",
    "IF a player’s defense of another is disproportionate to the accusation or lacks logical basis, scrutinize both players. Consider it a potential coordinated defense.",
    "Focus on identifying coordinated defenses – who consistently defends whom? This is a stronger indicator than individual accusations."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "IF a confirmed Seer identifies a wolf, vote accordingly. Prioritize confirmed information over speculation.",
    "IF no confirmed Seer, vote for the player with the most compelling suspicion based on discussion evidence. Prioritize coordinated behavior or illogical defenses. Consider the level of mutual defense between players.",
    "In a tie, exile the most disruptive or questionable claimant, particularly those attempting to force a consensus or derail the investigation.",
    "Do not blindly trust accusations; vote based on logic and evidence. Consider potential Witch influence – are accusations designed to eliminate a key investigator?",
    "IF multiple players are suspected and accusations are flying, focus on identifying coordinated behavior, not just individual accusations. Favor voting for players who consistently deflect blame.",
    "Prioritize voting for players who consistently redirect blame *and* defend others without offering substantial reasoning.",
    "If accusations are vague and unsupported, and multiple players are defending each other, vote for the player with the most defensive and evasive behavior."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain calculated neutrality, observing and analyzing before acting. Avoid premature accusations. Early game is about information gathering.",
    "Prioritize gathering information and cross-referencing observations. Look for patterns and inconsistencies. Specifically, track defensive behavior and who defends whom.",
    "Adapt strategy based on new information and behavior. Remain flexible.",
    "Recognize wolf tactics like blame-shifting and false narratives. Suspect players who consistently deflect or change their story.",
    "Early game: Focus on identifying patterns of defense and justification *before* making accusations. Allow wolves to reveal themselves.",
    "Mid-game: Shift focus to identifying coordinated defense and misinformation campaigns.",
    "Late-game: Prioritize eliminating remaining suspects based on accumulated evidence. Be wary of last-minute accusations.",
    "Focus on identifying players who attempt to control the narrative through aggressive redirection and deflection. They often operate in pairs or small groups."
  ]
}