{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Villager: Remain silent, observing targets and patterns. Prioritize memory of targets.",
    "As Guard: Protect the Seer first, then the Witch. Rotate protection nightly. If uncertain, prioritize the most aggressively targeted player *and* demand justification for that targeting.",
    "As Witch (unlikely): Save only if Villager victory is improbable. Poison only when a clear, illogical defender is present and wolf victory is imminent. Avoid revealing information."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Briefly summarize night events, focusing on targets and protection. Prioritize *who* was targeted and *why*.",
    "IF a player claims Seer: Demand specific, verifiable results from previous nights. Cross-reference with voting patterns. Challenge inconsistencies aggressively. Vote out inconsistent claims immediately.",
    "IF a player is saved and immediately accuses: Demand a detailed, verifiable explanation for being targeted. Prioritize Seer investigation on the accuser if the explanation is vague or contradictory.",
    "Aggressively call out deflection. Focus on the *reason* for the deflection, not just the act. Note defenders – they are often more suspect.",
    "Treat Witch Saves/Poisons with high suspicion. Demand verifiable explanations. Unexplained saves warrant heightened scrutiny and Seer investigation.",
    "Analyze shifting accusations and note defenders. Identify coordinated defense of a single player. Prioritize Seer investigation on defended players.",
    "Directly ask silent players for information. Note hesitation and evasiveness.",
    "IF multiple players suddenly align without clear reasoning: Suspect a wolf pack; prioritize Seer investigation on the aligned group.",
    "IF a player consistently echoes another’s accusations without independent reasoning: Suspect coordination. Investigate their relationship.",
    "IF a player attempts to control the discussion or pushes for premature votes: Observe their reasoning carefully and vote against them if illogical."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on observed behavior and reasoning, *not* solely on claims.",
    "Support consensus *only* if the reasoning is sound and logically consistent.",
    "Prioritize voting out players exhibiting repeated deflection, especially when defended by others.",
    "IF a Save occurred, prioritize voting out the saved player *if* they fail to provide a credible and verifiable explanation.",
    "Scrutinize groups strongly defending a single person without logical reasoning or supporting evidence.",
    "Prioritize the most consistent deflector among multiple suspects.",
    "Abstain only if genuinely unsure, and document reasons for abstaining."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player consistently defends another without logical reasoning or evidence: Investigate the connection between them. Vote out the defender.",
    "IF a player’s voting pattern contradicts their stated reasoning: Suspect deception. Re-evaluate their credibility.",
    "IF a player shifts blame immediately after a night event without a plausible explanation: Aggressively question their motives and credibility.",
    "IF a player’s initial accusations are easily disproven and they immediately pivot to another target: Highly suspect. Prioritize Seer investigation.",
    "IF a player claims to have information but refuses to share it or provides vague answers: Consider them untrustworthy.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer: Demand specific, verifiable results and cross-reference. Vote out inconsistent claimants immediately."
  ]
}