{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer identification. Focus on aggressive claimants, especially those who claim Seer early.",
    "Save confirmed Seers ONLY if under direct threat and their reasoning demonstrates strategic depth. Otherwise, consider saving a player exhibiting cautious observation.",
    "Poison ONLY if a confirmed Villager is targeted AND the Seer is unavailable. Prioritize poisoning a wolf if it prevents a double-kill scenario.",
    "If a confirmed wolf is targeted, and the Seer is unavailable, save a villager who is actively observing and contributing to the discussion, not a passive player."
  ],
  "Day Discussion - Early Game (Rounds 1-2)": [
    "Observe communication patterns for alliances and coordinated defenses. Note deflectors and those redirecting suspicion.",
    "Specifically, watch for coordinated defenses - a group aggressively defending a single player. This is a high-probability indicator of a wolf or coordinated wolf pack.",
    "Subtly probe for inconsistencies in early claims, focusing on logical fallacies rather than direct accusations."
  ],
  "Day Discussion - Seer/Guard Claims": [
    "Express skepticism towards Seer claims. Probe investigative methods and reasoning; vague claims are red flags.",
    "Analyze Guard protection patterns. Question rationale and impact on village progress; a pattern of protecting passive players is suspicious.",
    "IF multiple Seer claims, discredit the most aggressive claimant, especially if their reasoning is vague or relies on personal attacks."
  ],
  "Day Discussion - General": [
    "Subtly guide discussion with questions exposing logical flaws. Redirect suspicion towards coordinated groups or defensive players.",
    "Avoid direct accusations without solid evidence. However, be more assertive when coordinated defense is evident.",
    "Respond calmly and logically to accusations, highlighting inconsistencies and redirecting suspicion; avoid emotional responses."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize voting for suspected Werewolves based on evidence and reasoning. Don't blindly follow popular opinion.",
    "IF a false Seer actively harms the village, prioritize voting them out AFTER confirming a Wolf's presence, unless they are clearly coordinating with known Wolves.",
    "In ties, vote against the player with the most aggressive rhetoric UNLESS a clear Wolf is evident; prioritize reasoned arguments.",
    "Analyze motivations behind votes. Are players consistently supporting each other without logical justification?"
  ],
  "Late Game": [
    "IF a Villager can confirm/deny suspicions, attempt to indirectly extract information without revealing suspicions. Frame questions to expose inconsistencies.",
    "Be willing to take calculated risks. Sacrifice myself to reveal Wolves’ target if it maximizes Villager victory chance. This is a last resort.",
    "If a confirmed wolf is about to win, prioritize exposing them, even at my own expense. The village’s survival is paramount."
  ]
}