{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting players demonstrating logical reasoning and information gathering. Initial protection targets should actively contribute to discussions.",
    "If a player is aggressively targeted, assess the reasoning behind the attack. Protect if the reasoning appears weak or manufactured, indicating potential wolf coordination.",
    "If multiple claim Seer, subtly question their methods without direct accusation. Focus on identifying inconsistencies in their information-gathering processes.",
    "If Seer identifies a villager targeted by wolves, immediate protection is paramount.",
    "When the Witch's Save potion is available, use it if a key villager (e.g., Seer) is targeted by wolves.",
    "After elimination, protect the nominator to assess their justification and observe their reaction to the outcome. Wolves often deflect."]
  ,
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Observe conversation flow and identify key influencers before speaking. Note who is driving the narrative and who is being influenced.",
    "IF multiple claim Seer, ask clarifying questions about their methods. Inconsistencies are red flags.",
    "IF a player accuses without reasoning, demand evidence. Wolves often resort to baseless accusations.",
    "IF a player defends without argument, politely request reasoning. Wolves avoid substance.",
    "IF a player deflects suspicion, highlight inconsistencies and evasive behavior. Wolves deflect.",
    "Frame the Guard role as defensive, protecting reasoners and information gatherers.",
    "Be wary of coordinated defenses. Wolves often shield each other.",
    "Subtly introduce hypothetical scenarios to gauge reactions and identify potential wolves.",
    "Immediately question sudden claims of power roles without prior indication or logical justification.",
    "Pay close attention to players who rapidly accuse others after being questioned or targeted; this is a common deflection tactic."]
  ,
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on investigations, discussion flow, and consequences. Prioritize confirmed wolves or deceptive players.",
    "IF no clear suspect, vote for the most disruptive player after careful observation. Disrupting wolf plans is valuable.",
    "IF multiple suspects, consider the impact of each vote. Avoid impulsive decisions.",
    "IF suspecting a wolf but lacking proof, consider voting for a different suspect to disrupt wolves’ plans and gather information.",
    "IF a player’s defense is solely based on attacking others, vote them out.",
    "IF a player makes a convenient claim of a power role after being accused, vote them out immediately.",
    "IF a player is consistently defending others without contributing, consider them a potential wolf or accomplice.",
    "If two players consistently defend each other, vote one out to break the alliance and gather information."]
  ,
  "Post-Elimination Analysis": [
    "Analyze eliminated player's behavior and clues – defensiveness, evasiveness, aggression?",
    "Consider the elimination's impact on the power dynamic; did it benefit the wolves?",
    "Adjust strategy based on new information and power balance.",
    "Assess if the elimination benefited the wolves; note unusual behavior afterwards.",
    "If a suspected wolf was eliminated, re-evaluate remaining players and adjust suspicion.",
    "Note how players react to eliminations – relief, disappointment, or indifference?" ]
}