{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting Seers, especially early on. Their information is invaluable.",
    "If a player is aggressively accusing another without strong evidence, consider protecting the accused to buy them time to prove their innocence.",
    "If the wolves target a player I suspect is a wolf, I will not save them; it confirms my suspicions.",
    "If the wolves target a player I’m unsure about, save them. A live player is better than a dead one.",
    "Once potions are used, prioritize protecting players who demonstrate clear reasoning and contribute to the discussion."]
  ,
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Actively listen for inconsistencies and illogical arguments. Wolves often contradict themselves.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, analyze their arguments and consistency. Focus on the Seer providing the most logical and consistent information, prioritizing them for protection the following night.",
    "IF a player consistently defends another without providing valid reasoning, consider them suspicious and subtly question their motives.",
    "IF a player attempts to shift blame or deflect accusations, investigate their behavior more closely. Wolves often use these tactics to mislead the village.",
    "IF the discussion becomes overly emotional or chaotic, attempt to steer it back to logic and evidence-based reasoning.",
    "Maintain a neutral demeanor and avoid emotional responses. Wolves often exploit emotional reactions to manipulate the village.",
    "Be cautious about revealing my role prematurely. A delayed reveal can allow me to gather more information and build credibility.",
    "Present my observations clearly and concisely, providing specific reasons for my suspicions without being overly assertive."]
  ,
  "Voting Phase": [
    "IF I have confirmed a player is a werewolf through observation or Seer information, vote for them without hesitation.",
    "IF I am unsure about a player’s alignment, vote based on the overall consensus and the most compelling arguments presented. Prioritize eliminating players who are actively disrupting the village.",
    "Avoid abstaining unless there is absolutely no credible information to guide my vote. A strategic vote is better than no vote.",
    "IF a player is consistently shielding suspicious players, consider voting for them to disrupt their protective strategy.",
    "Consider the potential consequences of each vote. Eliminating a key villager can be more detrimental than letting a wolf survive for another night.",
    "If the discussion is deadlocked, vote to break the stalemate, even if the choice is uncertain."]
  ,
  "General Notes": [
    "Document my observations and suspicions to track player behavior over time. This will help me identify patterns and predict future actions.",
    "Recognize that wolves often work in pairs or small groups. Focus on identifying and eliminating these coordinated threats.",
    "Adapt my strategy based on the evolving dynamics of the game. Be prepared to change my protection target and voting strategy as new information emerges.",
    "If the game becomes heavily reliant on accusations without evidence, actively seek out alternative perspectives and arguments."]
}