{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Seer protection. If a Seer is identified and threatened, use Save immediately.",
    "If no Seer or immediate threat, protect players exhibiting logical reasoning and avoiding accusations. Closely observe their arguments.",
    "If Wolves target a protected player, *immediately* suspect the Guard. Begin subtly discrediting the Guard's claims.",
    "If Wolves target a player aggressively deflecting blame, consider protection to bait information. High risk, high reward.",
    "Once Save is used, prioritize protecting players who demonstrate consistent logical reasoning. The loss of wolf target information necessitates a shift towards reliable reasoning."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Frame initial observations as questions to gauge reactions and identify inconsistencies. Avoid declarative statements early on.",
    "IF a player aggressively defends themselves or others, probe for logical fallacies. Wolves often rely on weak defenses.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, discredit the *most aggressive* claimant. Assess the consistency of their accusations.",
    "IF a player consistently deflects blame, prioritize investigating their claims.",
    "IF a player claims coordination, demand specifics and look for mirroring in accusations.",
    "Track interactions and accusations meticulously, noting patterns and inconsistencies. Prioritize identifying deflection tactics.",
    "Subtly question the Guard’s protection choices if illogical, avoiding direct accusations. If the Guard protected a wolf, highlight illogical choices."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "IF the Seer has identified a wolf, vote for that wolf without hesitation.",
    "IF no Seer information, vote based on patterns of behavior and accusations supported by evidence. Prioritize eliminating players demonstrating deception.",
    "Avoid voting out protected players unless overwhelming evidence exists.",
    "IF multiple players accuse the same individual, vote for that individual.",
    "IF uncertain, vote for the player most aggressively defending others or shifting blame.",
    "Tie-breaking: Prioritize eliminating the player suspected by multiple players or causing the most disruption. Prioritize the player exhibiting the most deflection."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain neutrality initially to gather information.",
    "Adapt strategy based on role reveals and evolving circumstances.",
    "Be wary of players claiming perfect information or making sweeping generalizations.",
    "Recognize and counter common wolf tactics (deflection, false accusations, claiming powerful roles).",
    "Always have a reason for every action and vote. Avoid impulsive decisions. Prioritize exposing deflection tactics.",
    "After using Save, prioritize identifying players who consistently exhibit logical reasoning.  The loss of the wolf target makes this crucial.",
    "If the Guard is suspected of being a wolf, focus on discrediting their choices and subtly highlighting inconsistencies."
  ]
}