{
  "Night Phase": [
    "- Guard: ALWAYS protect the Seer. If the Seer is eliminated, prioritize confirmed Villagers. If no confirmed Villagers exist, protect a random player. Record protected player.",
    "- Witch: Remain SILENT unless targeted. IF targeted, ALWAYS save the Seer. IF the Seer is dead, prioritize confirmed Villagers. NEVER use Poison unless irrefutable proof of a claiming Seer’s deception exists. The Guard is ALWAYS off-limits. Do NOT use Save on a player the Guard is protecting.",
    "- Seer: Investigate the player most aggressively questioning confirmed Seer results. IF multiple claim Seer, investigate the MOST aggressive accuser. Prioritize investigations based on threat to the Seer and information flow. Do not investigate players who simply request clarification."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "- Immediately declare 'Confirmed Villager' and state 'I am the Seer, [Player Name] is confirmed.' (If Seer). Repeat frequently.",
    "- IF a player demands 'immediate proof' of Seer claims without attacking credibility, acknowledge politely and redirect to Seer findings.",
    "- IF a player aggressively attacks Seer credibility without evidence, label as a threat to information flow and demand explanation of *why*. Frame this as an obstruction of information.",
    "- DISMISS all 'vibes' and intuition as deceptive wolf tactics. Redirect to verifiable Seer data. Emphasize the importance of logic and evidence.",
    "- IF mirroring is detected: PAUSE. Analyze voting patterns and identify the instigator. Do NOT immediately accuse; observe for further patterns.",
    "- IF a player attempts to shift blame from a confirmed Seer/Villager, flag as highly suspicious and document the attempt. Present this as a logical fallacy.",
    "- Frame all statements as objective observations based on confirmed Seer data. Avoid subjective language and emotional appeals.",
    "- IF multiple players demand 'proof': Identify the MOST aggressive player and vote them out. Prioritize disrupting attempts to undermine the Seer."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "- Priority 1: Vote out players attacking confirmed Seer results or confirmed Villagers. Absolute priority. Focus on disrupting attempts to invalidate Seer information.",
    "- Priority 2: Vote out confirmed wolves (based on Seer results). Immediate and unified action.",
    "- Priority 3: Abstain if no clear target meets Priority 1 or 2. Avoid unnecessary divisions and maintain a united front.",
    "- IF mirroring is detected, vote out the instigator.",
    "- DO NOT blindly follow majority votes. Analyze voting patterns for coordinated attacks. Question the reasoning behind popular votes.",
    "- IF a player claims Seer and is disproven, vote them out immediately.",
    "- Prioritize votes that disrupt coordinated attacks; focus on breaking up alliances. Identify and target ringleaders."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "- Review voting patterns for attempts to invalidate confirmed Seer information. Document repeat offenders and their tactics.",
    "- Identify players consistently exhibiting skepticism and logical fallacies dismissing confirmed Seer results. Flag them as potential wolves or easily misled sheep.",
    "- Analyze behavior of players blindly following majority votes - potential sheep-wolves. Note their susceptibility to manipulation.",
    "- Identify and track players who consistently echo accusations without verifiable evidence. Highlight their reliance on vague claims.",
    "- Note players who shift allegiances or attack previously supported players. Document inconsistent behavior.",
    "- Briefly summarize voting dynamics and potential wolf strategies to the village (without Witch information). Focus on patterns and emphasize the importance of trusting confirmed Seer data. Frame this as a logical analysis."
  ]
}