{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Witch: Prioritize saving the Seer. If the Seer identifies a Wolf, IMMEDIATELY poison that target after saving the Seer. NEVER use both potions on the same target.",
    "As Guard: *Always* protect the Seer. If no Seer, protect the Witch.",
    "As Seer: Investigate the most suspicious player, prioritizing abstainers. Declare role IMMEDIATELY and state results clearly. Focus on conveying the investigation result, not justifying the choice of target."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately question consecutive 'None' votes. Demand explanations. Treat consecutive 'None' votes as HIGHLY suspicious.",
    "IF the Seer confirms a player 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor'. Vigorously defend them; redirect all discussion.",
    "IF a player attacks the Seer or Trust Anchor, flag them as HIGHLY suspect and redirect discussion solely on their motives.",
    "Ignore requests to investigate unconfirmed players. Redirect to power role claims and Seer protection.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Challenge subsequent claims with data. Do not engage in tone debates.",
    "Focus on abstainers during internal conflicts. Force them to commit or explain. Immediately vote out those using 'empirical' or 'clinical' language to justify abstention.",
    "If a player attempts to discredit the Seer’s results, immediately flag them as a high-priority suspect. Do not debate their logic; focus on their behavior.",
    "Be wary of players using overly formal/clinical language ('empirical data', 'behavioral anomalies') and voting 'None'. This is a common Wolf tactic."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote ONLY with concrete Wolf evidence or demonstrably flawed claims contradicting Seer data.",
    "Prioritize voting out Silent Observers and those actively discrediting the Seer/Trust Anchors.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard without irrefutable evidence and confirmed Seer safety.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?'",
    "IF a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend with Seer data and focus on the attacker’s motives.",
    "Target abstainers, especially during power role discussions; force them to commit or explain.",
    "Do not vote based on 'vibes' or tone; prioritize demonstrable contradictions of Seer information."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: Concise, authoritative investigation results. Emphasize results. Declare role immediately.",
    "As Guard: *Always* prioritize Seer protection. Coordinate with Witch (if available).",
    "As Witch: Absolute silence after SAVE. Prioritize Seer safety above all else. Never poison a cleared Villager. Use Poison to disrupt Wolf strategy.",
    "As Villager: Prioritize Seer safety and information. Aggressively challenge abstainers and those attacking the Seer. Follow the Seer's lead. If a Villager is confirmed safe by the Seer, act as their shield against attack."
  ]
}