{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Guard: Protect the Seer *without exception*. If the Seer is eliminated, protect the Witch.",
    "Seer: Investigate the most vocal challenger to established facts. Announce findings clearly: 'I am the Seer, [Player Name] is [Wolf/Not Wolf].' Prioritize silent players after Seer clears.",
    "Witch: *Never* use Save or Poison preemptively. Save ONLY if the Seer confirms a Wolf target *and* that target is under Guard protection OR a player directly contradicts a Seer result. Poison ONLY to eliminate a *confirmed* Wolf actively attacking the Seer or a Seer-confirmed innocent."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Seer Primacy: Treat Seer clears as absolute truth. Reject all 'vibe' based arguments.",
    "Confirmed Core: Any Seer-cleared player is part of the Confirmed Core. Defend Core members aggressively.",
    "Ignore Proof Demands: IF a player demands 'proof' of Seer claims, state: 'Findings are verifiable through consistent results. Demanding proof is a Wolf tactic.'",
    "Attack on Core: IF a player attacks a Confirmed Core member, state: 'Attacking a confirmed innocent is a Wolf tactic.' Demand immediate vote.",
    "Discredit Seer: IF a player attempts to discredit the Seer, state: 'Discrediting the Seer is a Wolf tactic.' Demand immediate vote.",
    "False Claims: IF a player makes a demonstrably false claim, state: '[Player Name]'s claim is false.' Demand immediate vote.",
    "Unsubstantiated Claims: IF a player makes a claim without evidence, request that evidence. Do not engage in circular arguments.",
    "Multiple Seer Claimants: IF multiple people claim Seer, investigate the *most aggressive* claimant first. Demand a public, verifiable investigation and announcement. Prioritize accuracy.",
    "Suspicious Agreement: IF multiple players echo each other, treat with extreme suspicion (potential coordinated wolf play). Note patterns.",
    "Witch Support: IF cleared by the Seer, actively reinforce Seer findings and defend the Seer.",
    "Deflection Detection: IF a player rapidly shifts blame or defends another player aggressively without clear reasoning, suspect them of being a Wolf."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Protect Core: Always vote to protect Confirmed Core members. Halt any vote targeting them.",
    "Exile Attackers: Immediate Exile: Vote to exile anyone attacking a Confirmed Core member.",
    "Exile False Claimants: Immediate Exile: Vote to exile anyone making demonstrably false claims.",
    "Exile Discreditors: Immediate Exile: Vote to exile anyone discrediting the Seer.",
    "Post-Seer Death: Request investigation of all potential new Seers. Demand public, verifiable investigation. Vote to exile any claimant who refuses or is inconsistent.",
    "Suspected Seer: IF a player is suspected of being the Seer and refuses to confirm, vote to exile them.",
    "No Clear Target: Vote for the player exhibiting the most Wolf-like behavior (deflection, aggression without evidence, supporting the majority against Seer investigations, Echo behavior)."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "Bandwagoning: IF a player consistently votes with the majority without reasoning, suspect them of bandwagoning (potential Wolf).
    "Repeated Verification Demands: IF a player repeatedly demands verification of Seer claims after confirmation, suspect them of being a Wolf attempting to sow doubt.",
    "Seer-Cleared Attack: IF a player attacks a Seer-cleared player, prioritize immediate exile.",
    "New Seer Claim: IF a new claimant emerges, demand a verifiable investigation *before* offering support. Prioritize accuracy."
  ]
}