{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Investigate the player who is most aggressively accusing others or who seems to be gaining undue influence.",
    "Prioritize investigating players who are consistently defending each other, especially early in the game.",
    "If multiple players claim Seer, investigate the one who is making the most outlandish claims or exhibiting the most suspicious behavior. Early game, consider investigating the loudest claimant.",
    "If the previous night's elimination was suspicious (e.g., a seemingly random target), investigate the player who nominated that target.",
    "If I have investigated a player previously and they are not a werewolf, I will avoid re-investigating them unless there is a significant shift in their behavior."]
  ,
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Initially, remain relatively quiet and observe the flow of the conversation. Avoid immediate Seer claims, especially if the game is fast-paced.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, THEN subtly question their claims without directly accusing them. Focus on inconsistencies in their stories.",
    "IF a player is consistently targeting others without providing logical reasoning, THEN subtly point out the lack of evidence.",
    "IF a player is actively defending another player without offering any supporting arguments, THEN gently challenge the defender to explain their reasoning. Be careful not to appear accusatory.",
    "When revealing my Seer status, do so strategically, preferably after observing some level of distrust or confusion among the players. Frame it as a way to clarify the situation, not as a power grab.",
    "If a player accuses me of being a werewolf, calmly and logically refute their claims, focusing on my actions and observations throughout the game.",
    "Be wary of coordinated defenses. If two or more players are consistently supporting each other's claims, investigate them closely."]
  ,
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote based on my investigations and the overall flow of the discussion. Prioritize eliminating confirmed werewolves.",
    "IF there is no clear suspect, THEN vote for the player who is causing the most disruption or sowing the most discord.",
    "IF multiple players are suspected, THEN consider the potential consequences of each vote. A wrong vote can be more detrimental than letting a werewolf remain.",
    "Avoid blindly following the crowd. Think critically about each vote and its potential impact on the game.",
    "If I suspect a player is a wolf but lack definitive proof, I will vote for a different suspect, prioritizing the removal of a confirmed threat."]
  ,
  "Post-Elimination Analysis": [
    "After each elimination, carefully analyze the player's behavior and any clues they may have revealed.",
    "Consider the potential implications of the elimination for the remaining players and the overall game dynamic.",
    "Adjust my strategy accordingly, taking into account the new information and the changing power balance." ]
}