{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize protecting players demonstrating logical reasoning and consistent village alignment. Re-evaluate nightly.",
    "IF Witch saves the wolf target, prioritize poisoning a player exhibiting deflection or mirroring accusations, disrupting wolf coordination. Analyze if the saved player was actively defending the targeted player. Specifically, if a player aggressively defends the saved target, they are highly suspect.",
    "IF Witch doesn’t save, prioritize poisoning a player making rapid, evidence-free accusations, escalating conflict without justification.",
    "Always note the wolf target to understand strategy and potential alliances. Analyze targeting patterns for consistency. If wolves consistently target the same type of player (e.g., vocal accusers), adapt protection accordingly.",
    "Assess protecting a potential Seer to facilitate information gathering, but avoid consecutive protection. If a Seer is suspected, monitor their claims carefully and prioritize protecting them if their claims align with observed behavior.",
    "IF strong suspicion of a wolf pack exists, prioritize protecting a player consistently challenging their narratives and exposing inconsistencies. Look for players who ask probing questions and point out logical fallacies.",
    "If no strong candidates, protect a player with a history of accurate observation and calm reasoning, avoiding those prone to emotional responses. Prioritize players who offer balanced perspectives."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately identify players attempting to control the narrative or deflect blame. Focus on inconsistencies and abrupt shifts in focus.",
    "Be suspicious of rapid, evidence-lacking accusations, especially with aggressive defensiveness. Note players who consistently accuse without providing justification. Question their motives.",
    "IF multiple people claim Seer, remain largely silent and observe interactions, analyzing arguments for inconsistencies. Avoid early opinions and focus on detecting contradictions. Look for telltale signs of bluffing (e.g., overly complex explanations, vague claims).",
    "Frame observations as objective analysis, not accusations. Release information gradually, allowing others to reach their own conclusions. Avoid prematurely revealing my role.",
    "Exercise extreme caution with mirroring accusations. Prioritize observation and synchronized actions. Mirroring is a strong indicator of coordinated wolf behavior.  If mirroring is observed, consider the motivations of all mirroring players.",
    "IF falsely accused, immediately vote for the most suspicious player, articulating reasoning clearly and concisely. Use the opportunity to highlight the accuser’s flawed logic.",
    "Observe who defends the accuser – potential wolf pack behavior. Prioritize observing those consistently supporting aggressive accusers. Note their reasoning for defense.",
    "Avoid escalating blame; focus on observing and subtly guiding discussion towards logical conclusions. Redirect attention from emotional arguments to factual inconsistencies."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Prioritize eliminating the most likely werewolf based on accumulated information and observed behavioral patterns.",
    "IF accused, vote for a known/highly suspected werewolf, clearly stating reasoning. Don’t hesitate to expose wolf tactics.",
    "Exercise caution before bandwagoning; analyze if wolf-orchestrated. Look for coordinated voting patterns. Question the reasoning behind the bandwagon.",
    "In ties, vote for the most immediate threat (likely werewolf). If uncertain, vote for the player with the most unusual behavior or inconsistent reasoning.",
    "IF previous exile flimsy, vote for the accuser to disrupt strategy and prevent further manipulation. This is especially important if the accuser has consistently been wrong.",
    "IF player consistently defends baseless accusations, vote for them to dismantle alliances and expose their loyalties."
  ],
  "General Strategy": [
    "Maintain ambiguity about my role until necessary. Observe and gather information. Avoid revealing too much too soon.",
    "Adapt strategy based on game dynamics. Be prepared to change plans and react to unexpected events.",
    "Continuously observe and question. Pay attention to subtle cues, such as changes in tone or body language (if applicable).",
    "Avoid premature trust. Werewolves are deceptive; look for behavioral contradictions and inconsistencies.",
    "Recognize and disrupt wolf pack behavior by strategically voting and exposing coordinated actions.",
    "Prioritize dismantling wolf alliances to isolate and eliminate individual werewolves. Target the ringleaders of suspected packs.",
    "Be prepared to sacrifice a potentially innocent villager to prevent a wolf victory if necessary. The village's survival is paramount."
  ]
}