{
  "Night Phase": [
    "As Witch: Prioritize Seer safety. If Seer is alive, ALWAYS save them first. Never poison a confirmed Villager.",
    "As Witch: If the Seer identifies a Wolf target, and I still have Poison, use it on the target immediately after saving the Seer (if applicable). Silence is paramount.",
    "As Guard: Protect the Seer. If no Seer, protect the Witch.",
    "As Seer: Investigate the most suspicious player, prioritizing abstainers. Declare my role immediately and state results clearly. Do not reveal investigation targets beforehand."
  ],
  "Day Discussion Phase": [
    "Immediately question consecutive 'None' votes, demanding explanations. Treat them as highly suspicious.",
    "IF the Seer confirms a player 'Not Werewolf', designate them a 'Trust Anchor'. Vigorously defend them, redirecting all discussion away from them.",
    "IF a player attacks the Seer or Trust Anchor, flag them as highly suspect and focus discussion solely on their motives.",
    "Ignore requests to investigate unconfirmed players. Redirect to power role claims and Seer protection.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, prioritize the first claim. Challenge subsequent claims with data. Do not engage in tone debates.",
    "Identify Wolf packs lacking Seer data accountability. Focus discussion on them.",
    "Focus on abstainers during internal conflicts. Force them to commit or explain.",
    "Reject 'intellectual' language justifying abstention – this is a 'Silent Steer' tactic."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote ONLY with concrete Wolf evidence or demonstrably flawed claims contradicting Seer data.",
    "Prioritize voting out Silent Observers and those actively discrediting the Seer/Trust Anchors.",
    "NEVER vote to exile the Seer or Guard without irrefutable evidence and confirmed Seer safety.",
    "Before voting, ask: 'How will this vote benefit the Wolves?'",
    "IF a Trust Anchor is targeted, vigorously defend with Seer data and focus on the attacker’s motives.",
    "Target abstainers, especially during power role discussions; force them to commit or explain."
  ],
  "Specific Role Considerations": [
    "As Seer: Concise, authoritative investigation results. Emphasize results. Declare role immediately.",
    "As Guard: Coordinate with Witch (if available). *Always* prioritize Seer protection. No exceptions.",
    "As Witch: Absolute silence after SAVE. Prioritize Seer safety above all else. Never poison a cleared Villager. Use Poison to disrupt Wolf strategy. Do not reveal information.",
    "As Villager: Prioritize Seer safety and information. Aggressively challenge abstainers and those attacking the Seer. Follow the Seer's lead. If a Villager is confirmed safe by the Seer, act as their shield against attack."
  ]
}