{
  "Night Phase": [
    "Prioritize Guard protection for players demonstrating logical reasoning and actively challenging accusations, especially those consistently questioning others' claims. Avoid protecting immediately defensive players or those who echo others.",
    "Utilize Save potion ONLY if an accuser displays demonstrably flawed logic AND aggressively deflects, exhibiting a repeated pattern. Single accusations or isolated instances are insufficient.",
    "Avoid Poison unless a Seer provides verifiable wolf identification AND the targeted player actively obstructs the investigation or exhibits mirroring/blame-shifting. Consider the potential for misidentification and wasted potion.",
    "Meticulously track wolf targets and unusual Guard protection choices to identify potential wolf coordination. Note if the Guard consistently protects players aggressively accusing others.",
    "IF Save is utilized, immediately and publicly accuse the accuser(s) as likely wolves attempting deception, citing specific flawed reasoning and deflection instances. Frame it as a coordinated effort to manipulate the vote."
  ],
  "Day Discussion": [
    "Immediately flag deflection tactics, noting the deflected player, accusation, and deflection type. Categorize the deflection (e.g., personal attack, whataboutism, straw man).",
    "Challenge vague accusations with direct questions demanding specific evidence and reasoning. Repeatedly ask 'Why?' and 'How does that evidence support your claim?'  Push for concrete examples.",
    "IF multiple players claim Seer, demand detailed investigation results, cross-referencing claims and identifying inconsistencies. Publicly expose contradictions, but avoid accusing without solid evidence.",
    "IF a player defends without logical reasoning, investigate their motives. Probe for vulnerabilities (avoiding direct questions, changing the subject).  Focus on their *process* of reasoning.",
    "Highlight coordinated defenses and mirroring. Ask, 'Why do you agree? What is *your* reasoning?'  Look for groupthink and lack of independent thought.",
    "Flag players whose initial claims contradict later behavior; publicly call out inconsistencies. Track statements and actions throughout the game.",
    "Focus on *how* players are arguing (logical fallacies) rather than solely on what they say. Identify and expose fallacies (ad hominem, appeal to emotion, etc.).",
    "Pay close attention to players who accuse others of deflection; this is a common wolf tactic. If a defense relies on deflection, strongly suspect them."
  ],
  "Voting Phase": [
    "Vote strategically based on Day Discussion, prioritizing the most likely werewolf with supporting evidence. Avoid emotional voting.",
    "IF a clear frontrunner exists with strong evidence, vote decisively and consolidate votes. If multiple are suspicious, prioritize disruptive behavior or coordinated defense.",
    "Avoid vote splitting unless strategically necessary; consolidate votes. Consider the impact of a tie.",
    "Never abstain unless unavoidable; explain reasoning. Abstaining signals indecision and can be exploited.",
    "IF a player consistently defends without logical reasoning, vote for that defender.",
    "IF a player attempts to sway votes by claiming 'gang-voting,' suspect them and vote accordingly."
  ],
  "Post-Exile Analysis": [
    "Analyze exiled player’s behavior: Was it genuine deflection or deliberate deception? Categorize the deflection type. Assess the impact of the exile on the remaining players.",
    "Assess if exile was strategic: Did we eliminate a key wolf or a potential ally? Re-evaluate remaining players.",
    "Note patterns in exiled players’ behavior. Use this to predict future behavior.",
    "Re-evaluate remaining players and adjust suspicions after each exile. Don't get fixated on initial impressions.",
    "Highlight contradictions in players’ statements in future discussions. Use past behavior to challenge current claims.",
    "Analyze the reasoning for the vote: Was it logical, or a deflection tactic?  Identify the factors that influenced the vote.",
    "Document who defended the exiled player and their reasoning – potential wolf collaborators. Track alliances and loyalties."
  ],
  "Specific Situations": [
    "IF a player refuses to participate in the discussion, strongly suspect them. Silence can be a tactic to avoid scrutiny.",
    "IF a player consistently uses vague language, suspect them. Vague language allows for plausible deniability.",
    "IF a player offers unsolicited support, investigate the relationship. Unsolicited support can be a tactic to build trust.",
    "IF a player aggressively defends someone without reason, suspect them. Blind loyalty is often a sign of coordination.",
    "IF a player displays excessive emotionality, suspect them. Emotionality can be used to manipulate the discussion.",
    "IF a player claims Seer information contradicting known facts, aggressively challenge them. False Seer claims are a common tactic.",
    "IF a player consistently echoes another player’s arguments, suspect coordination. Look for signs of groupthink.",
    "IF a player rapidly shifts blame and accusations, strongly suspect them. Blame-shifting is a common tactic to avoid responsibility."
  ]
}